#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-X0463VRpcpM/WEaaUATDuNI/AAAAAAAAFhw/UYHQuv64BGUhu6dcIerrb2HT7QbmKuQuwCLcB/s1600/asian-tv.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Asian TV
http://?dnRrZEVOVFZ5dG1TNUV6WUI5MFpzeFdjUjlVVG94bVRJbERNMUJuY0hWRmFSaDNieUlFVkV0aU0yRlZOUzl5S3pBWE1tQmpiUmREYXlvRlR2UlhOdDkyTE1CalVXeFdjeGduWndVRWU0eEdlMWREUzR0VU5rSlViUXRXZGhSbE5ObDNiUXRXY0wxMk14RlVTeFZsUndRWE1yaEVSME5XZUl4RVRyRkROekpWWXF0eVRVbFhOVVZuZE81V2J6UURSeDAyVHZsak41eDJjVXhtYjNRM1IzUW5jVEZWWjFCM2F3UkdjNU1VZVF4bVdqSmxieVEwZHpOalJsWm1UblpWUzFWMVpENTJjcDFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/ATN_Bangla.svg/240px-ATN_Bangla.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/atn-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/channel24.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Independent_Television_Logo.svg/220px-Independent_Television_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Independent TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/jamuna-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Jamuna TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/image54942a3647a21709.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Maasranga
http://?cGQxVkxsMVMzbzNRbU5uVEJWSGNoZGtleTVVYTNKa1IyMEdjelVuYXlVbU12TUhka0ZrV1FKWE55bDBiTkJEYVlwM1ZERmxlYUpYZVdWRlNIZFZXdFYxZFM1RWR2UW5ZTU5GVDUxRWMyc3lSTmhHTXpaM1pSQlRSMk5uZTJZWFROTm5kaUJUT1JOekxxbFVVWFZGVzNsSFdWbGtTRHhHZVRCRGVOeEVjbkZFTkhoVFFNcDNaeTVFTk5OVWRZZDBZMnBVTXpGSFo1c3lSVVZIYkk5aWIzWmpiRHAxVHBSVFc0VmtlVGxtY3pvbVduUjJWM1pVZXI0VWVGSlZVcEpEV010aWJIdEdPd2RVZVBORWNOTm5UYU5rYjE5Q1YyaDNWaGQyU2E1MlNWOUVjbVJ6VnpnRlJyUmxlWVZqWmlWWFF3Z1daekZqYkRKVWFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mohona.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Mohona Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/mytv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", My Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722355_ico.png?ts=1613154340" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", ABP Ananda
http://?dVJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWR2N6VVVaMWdEYnVkVmNocFVOSDlHVDNVbWVyQURidWRFU3dCM00wWjFkMHdFTzE1R1QyQUZlMDgyYWpSMU5TZDFWeTlFVmtSMGFEeFdiVk5sUnpJRWNrZDJRellIV3NKemFRbGtTeU4zYVJKMU5yRkVjRk4zUVFGVFcwTm5TMlVGVGpaWFRqRldaRXAwWkdWSFcycFVhcnRDTkxOME1hSkhkeW9YWnBCbGMwTVhjNUZYVHhkRGV2VnpZaWxtWlhCSE1DVlhkUmQzUmtsVFFvbFRWM0lGVElwMlo1MWtlR1JXYnhVak00OVVWblYzS01Kblo0TW5UeXRrYU41bWQzcEdOT2xGYjFSM1FqRnpiUWRYWXlRbVQwb0hjdEJYYU5GM01xQmxhd05HVHBkM2M2bG5TdjQwYkwxR1VCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1057133_ico.png?ts=1613154464" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Akash Aath
http://?NlJFTjRjemJCSm5WNDkyVDZWbWR6VVVaMWdEYnpkVmNocFVOSDVHVDNVbWVyQWpldWRFU3dCM013WjFkMHdFTzE1R1QyQUZlMDgyYmpSMU5TZDFWdzlFVmtSMGFEbFhiVk5sUlZCRGE1eDJVTlJXU3g1MFVoRlRkeUFIZUdGVVp0Rm1heHhHY1BGRFMzMTJVWmxrVHNwWE9qZFhkaHAxWnNSSFUzVldZNUJUZHRaWFF3RlhUSWxqZENWbmJYTkVUcWRXYzBOemRNWjNNVFpYWVo5aVozTlRjYUpWVXpzR1VyZFdTaHQyVHJKWGQxb0dXS2RWZWs5Q1I0OWlTMlYxU3hnVmQ0c1dOeGh6VjRSRWNqMWthWk5XVG9WRGM0Y3pjeUVYWjJWMFFaMW1hb0JIT3hGWGN6OW1hUlZtU0pkWGR1SlRXdlZsYVZkRE5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722367_ico.png?ts=1613154545" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Calcutta News
http://?PWtYU21kMVF5UkZjeDlVTnJZVmQzdGtRcllEVDVaM1F4cDFiU1pXYzRGalR3NFVPdUoyUTBBVmRTOVdNNnBsWUlWa2VNOUdOMjgwWjRsWFQ1YzJSeWtuZHZoRGQ1SkRiMEZqVnBGbU11TkZadXQyTmx4V1NqTmpiRmxqZEpoMWRaaEdNNlJWWUo5U2JtbDJWMHBVTmF4RWUxOENWNVFIZDE1R1QyZ1RaTnAyVVRGbmVrNUdhM056UTFkemQ1SmxUd0ZHYnVoR1ZVdEVlSzVXYlhwMVFQRkhTcVpWZVA1VU40VjNVbVZqUVhWVWQyUWxNRVoyTTJWV2NLUjFhMHhtYzFablloQkRlTDVHYVVoWE0yWm1VUTVtYXhJM1V4MUVleFZXYjA5MmRsRkZWdUpIT1JOV1JCeFdPbkowVURsV2MxWjNkM3AwVm81bVR0Umthb3RHWnJnalFLcEhhWlZsYkx4bWQxOUdTdDlHUjRsV1NNdG1hNkZUYnpFM1NKbFVPeHBGYkJWa1lTcG5aRGRXZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://github.com/amarnettv/amarnettv.github.io/raw/master/logo/CBHD.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Colors Bangla
http://?M1JFTjRjemJCSm5WNDkyVDZWR2V6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSE5IVDNVbWVyQWphdWRFU3dCM01vWjFkMHdFTzFOSFR4TVZaNWdFY3VSSFZ2WjJLcEJIV2pkV2N4STNablpXZXp4bWU1c1NPcGx6TW9aV2V2bFhPR3AyVllKalVXaFVieWsyY3FGMGJ0bFZWSDUwZFMxV1pQaGtkMDFtYjBnak1DSlhSbk5FTTBKbk5RaFhlc0YwWjVOWGNvZEhVa1ZsVXVwa1pXQlRNRHgyS3hnVU92MVVjUmxIWmlsRWFwOUNUMzRVZVcxV1JYWjJkWWRtZHpaMVYzczJjNGRXWXBabVdsZEhUdlIxTnJRSGUycFdWcWwyY3YxMk4zUkhPcGxYUjJVamVzcDBkR3BXWTJvMFNxNVdOSmRVYTVkV2FhaDBZVFp6ZEVobVVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Sony_Aath_logo.svg/1200px-Sony_Aath_logo.svg.png" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sony Aath
http://?dFJFTjRjemJCOW1WNDkyVDZWbWR6VVVaMWdEYnJkVmNocFVOSHBIVDNVbWVyQWpkdWRFU3dCM010WjFkMHdFTzFkSFR4TVZaNWdrZHVSSFZ2WjJLdEJIV2pkV2N4dzJablpXZUxOa2I2NVVPemxXTXlsWGJaUjFaR3BuVnpRRE14SlZjSE5VYXZjVmV1eDJhNDRXTXU5MmJtTlVNRmhUY3d4bWRpaFdRNkpIU2lSVlJ3eFdWemswTUJGRGRyVVRaNUpIVnpCbllyWVRUcXRXUXhralJoMUdldlVrWlo1R010bEdVMGQyTE94MlVsQkZlTU5YYUtkMExWOTJLM1p6WlVaRFcwUm5ZbnBGU3JzaWIzODJhcUpYUm9aa1V6bDJMMUFIU2FSME1GdDJibkJGTTBvVVYyVkRUck5HU29sR2N3STFjaEozWmpoak5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha HD
http://?eVJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYnNkVmNocFVOSHRHVDNVbWVyQURidWRFU3dCM000WjFkMHdFTzFoSFQyQUZlMDhtYWpSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFEcFhiVk5sUmtOVmRyVldPMDVrVnNWVFc1bzFSVFJuTVExMFNMWkhkUEpuYjNkalp2RmthTjVHVXpvR2F2Y0dVellWYkhkell5NFdiNUIzZHdZMlJHbFhVaEZrY08xMGJ1VnpVU1oxZDRGVk4yRjJNNnhXVnVoMll4RVdkUXRDVXZabVU0Wm1keVlqZTFrbWMwa0RPMWNXY3J4a1Z5SVdTcGxIVklSRVV4eFdRT1ptU3ZNVGVEZDFadGhWVW5SV1NLaDBjeFVYYkk1MFYwVmxjUzlFZG5kbVUxcG1NeXhtUW5sWFNHcG1XUFpXYndOMmMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha SD
http://?MVJFTjRjemJCVm5WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSHRHVDNVbWVyQURjdWRFU3dCM00wWjFkMHdFTzFGSFQyQUZlMDhXYWpSMU5TZDFWMDlFVmtSMGFETlhiVk5sUlQ1MGF0TldWWWRuUTJGbGJINTJjR05uY3JWME1ybDFkelV6VEtsM1F2OXlhNlpIZW1sV2FocG1XUnRpY01WVld6VVRSb1JGVFVkMGFNMVdjbDkwTmgxbWExRm5aUU5EVG9GVFduaGtVemRHZHhsbVk2ZEZjdE5tUXJNa1l0bFZSRFZEY3FWblFyUkhjbWwxYVFKMGQxVmpkcUJWWk9KblE2dEdTeDQySzQwV2VLWlhNbkowWXRwVWJOaEhUNHNtUnpkbWNtRjBheFVYTUp0eVJ5RlVhWlJIUzBWM0tQMW1NSTUwYUM1V05CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/7364080_ico.png?ts=1613156952" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sun Bangla
http://?MFJFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWMmN6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSGhIVDNVbWVyQVRidWRFU3dCM00yWjFkMHdFTzFoSFQyQUZlMDhHYmpSMU5TZDFWcTlFVmtSMGFEMVdiVk5sUmFkamNGZHpSYTlFTm45aVF2VTFSeTBXVGxoVlJ5c2lickpEWlJoVlcybDJibWxtTmFobmR5SkhhbE4xZFRsSGJVUkRNb2hrVzBrR1NoOVdZMVZWYVF4RWIwcG5SalYwSzJOalJOaFhTdXBuYUhsRlpJTm1hM1prTWxaVlk0QkZWeEluZXFCM1F5NG1jU0JuZFZGMlMwQlZSeXBuWlJaalZuVlhicklFY3NSVmNJeG1UMEZWU3BGRFd5UlVWd3BXUXFsVVZXTldkVGhXVlIxV1R0cDFZeVJHWkxWbmFzRmxaR2xrY3JJM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/bflix-movies-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Bflix Movies
http://?cnBtVTRwM1V3cDNjMWNWVDRVMGJ1TmxlM2hEY3VoWFRUTlZPM3AzY29CVlNrMUdkdkYwVUZaVFo2ZDJRNDhVVFlsbWRhUkZackZuYzNoVVJRWmpZelZUY1hobmN3bDNacWhrV3ZZVGE0WlVUSzlDWnZSbVJ6WkdOMVpuWXdOVmE1RkVjMFFqVndOVVUwUjBObzkyVjB3Mk5MbGpTTE5uYldKMU5HMVdReVJqYlVwbVpFMW1ZSUpYZE1kbGU0SkdNMFVsVzBKV09yMGtRTlIzUm45MmRGWlRlNjkwVmtsMlZ6SnpLd29FV3dFblFWSkhSVk5HZHpkWFl6QUZjcjFrVUk5aWVsMUdXQ0ZIUzRoR2RuRjJTeDRtWjNGV1VoUnphQ0pYUkhkemN3QUhiaGRrV3dOWGN4bG1ieWh6TXhnM2JESnpNeFVWY2lwRk9TQm5icDFrYjZGWE0zQm5UeFptUkwxVWJvbEZhU2xsYXAxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://q7h8x4g8.stackpathcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/COLORS-CINEPLEX-2019.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Cineplex
http://?MlJFTjRjemJCeG1WNDkyVDZWbWV6VVVaMWdEYjVkVmNocFVOSDlHVDNVbWVyQVRidWRFU3dCM01xWjFkMHdFTzFsSFQyQUZlMDhtYmpSMU5TZDFWeTlFVmtSMGFEZFdiVk5sUnJKSGJ6ZFRjNDVHY3RGVGU1b1ZVQ2xtU1dkV1JrcG1ha05WVGtOR1R6ZEdaNWwwYlVsR2NpbEdabFZVYndRMExsdFNZeFp6TFZOamF5c1dVeWdHZEo5V2V2VUZPaEJUVXJ4MFM1WURhSXBXUXNsVk1yY2tjeXBuVHpjVFR3Vm1Wb3hrZDFFSGNJWm5WMVUyY3hGV1ZWdGtiNGRXYkd4V2R5NEdibGxWYXd0Q2QxNFVOcGgxUndGVVdxcGtiNFpuTTBaM055NEVhVGQxU2t0eVM2UkVUeVlsUVVkSFpRVm5lT1ZtZFJoSE5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Colors_tv2017.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors HD
http://?dFJFTjRjemJCbG5WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQVRldWRFU3dCM013WjFkMHdFTzFKSFQyQUZlMDhHZWpSMU5TZDFWejlFVmtSMGFENVdiVk5sUk5KSGN0Sm1ReDBVVHpwVk1QWlViczltTU9wMWNMaFVjc0owVnlrMWI1RkZWM1ZuZHgxV1JvbEVXNlZYYTJORWVsaFdUemwwWVRKSGRyZFhTR1ZuZVhKMWFEbDBRNFprV3d4R2NWWjBNaGhXTTVZVk42QlZkdzRVYXpjeks2WlRkWTkwVnhoblJvOWlTd0kwWldSM2R5Z1hkck5qVXpkVGNvUlhkNVEwWkdwa2NLZFRkbUZuWXNwV1VGbDNjcEozYnFWVFpYaDJaSEozTjBFWFI1Wm1XMThrUVhkWGN2TlhhbzlXYXNGVE4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?elJFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWV2J6VVVaMWdEYnVkVmNocFVOSHBHVDNVbWVyQVRidWRFU3dCM010WjFkMHdFTzFCSFQyQUZlMDgyYWpSMU5TZDFWdTlFVmtSMGFEaFdiVk5sUlFkRGRDZHphSmhFZTM1MEtJSlZURE4zY290aVNwQkRhdWxqUnpJMU1xOW1kckFYZW9wblFVSm5iNVJtYW9Gbk5HTlVUNVZUU2l0MlYzZ0dPU0ZVWTUwVWNzVjJSNUZsV3VGbGFvVkhXdE5IZFpWR1dQaDFjc05UT1BKM2I0NTJTSE5tZTVKWE9ZUkdNNmgzYWhKbFNyWlZiMTlXWXJGMGN4MVdVNE1UUjRrR2U2cEZOcUZrTnFkRGN2VjFTWkpYWVRKa01HQnpjTXAzWXVGVVR1Um1XelpUUWsxbWNrZFdOQk5sYndoR1NCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1107539232598298624/aDupPKVw.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Ristey
http://?cFJFTjRjemJCVm5WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYnFkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQWphdWRFU3dCM011WjFkMHdFTzFkSFQyQUZlMDhtZWpSMU5TZDFWMDlFVmtSMGFEbFdiVk5sUnhWRWQxZ1diRkZETjFaVVZVaDBWNG8zYTNjbld3VTNjTUpWWjRJRWM2cFhSR1JsVG1oSFdDSmpSck5IYXdjVlZJTjBibkptVWhOMFI1b25iWUZtU2pObWFFbEVaNVlXUTRsVWFJRjNVMW8yZDM5VWUyQWxheDFVVjJOMktyVmxTcFZIUnc4V01UcDNUbWRsZHhjRVdoeEVacEIzVHJaalJTOW1UekExVjJFMmFHRkRieWgzVW90Mkt0SldTQzVHWmtsSFRXWkViM2hUTXhkbWJvUldPeGQwY3RoMmQzSm5iR3AyY3VwM0tCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/mtv-beats-hd-kccl-tv-hd-beats-png-308_161.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Beats
http://?eVJFTjRjemJCZG1WNDkyVDZWR2F6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSGxHVDNVbWVyQWpkdWRFU3dCM01xWjFkMHdFTzFOSFQyQUZlMDhtYmpSMU5TZDFWdDlFVmtSMGFENVdiVk5sUk5CM1pLbFRkdlVHY3lwSGVheG1TM0VYTTB0VU1oRkZjSHBrUnA5MFU1bFVSVk5GZXZCbmJMOVVlRjkwY1JObGN4Y1hRcVpFZUR4a01XeDJWekZUVjBjWGFQZEdkRGRsYndGR1ZraDFjMXRXYTVOWGEyZHphVGRVYTNkWFE2SjNObUprUmloblRYSm1VNUYzWnVsbGR0UlRReTlrU3hNMmNKOUdTdGhuTTZKSGV4cDBheHRtUTQ5V09OSkZWMm9tYkRWalJVcEZhdFYyVm9sa2U0RlhWaU5uUXJ3bU0zUlVaWmhWYlNORGQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f1/MTV_HITS_logo.svg/1200px-MTV_HITS_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Hits
http://?dVJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWR2J6VVVaMWdEYnpkVmNocFVOSHBHVDNVbWVyQWpidWRFU3dCM01uWjFkMHdFTzE5R1QyQUZlMDhHZGpSMU5TZDFWbzlFVmtSMGFEVlhiVk5sUldaamVoVkhTa05sVXZOelFURjBiNVFIZUtsM2J5RjFadEZGU01OMU4wQkZhbVpqYTFFSE5yUTBUbEpEYXdGVWJJZEdTelJqYzJJRlZ3ZEdXeU5tYjBNR2RRcEVXU2QwWXdsV2Q0bFVPbnBuYnpzaU5OaG1lWGhVVFNWRE11NVdVdmtXY2h4V09tdG1jNUoxZFo5Q2U2Rm5XdHBWVjRFWFlSaEhTMDlXZW41MGJQSm1iSkZGVXRCWFlpOTBNUzlXTjExa2VJdGtlelpqYXJWbFQzWkhka1ZuYjZSblEzZG5kQnRFZXZOR1IzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/800px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv India
http://?dlJFTjRjemJCeG1WNDkyVDZWMmJ6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSDFHVDNVbWVyQXphdWRFU3dCM01vWjFkMHdFTzFOSFQyQUZlMDhtZWpSMU5TZDFWczlFVmtSMGFEOVdiVk5sUjFCVmJ4ZFRZM0psYXVkbFJqdEdXMHAzZENObFFVVmxjUUpXUmFkbFo0cGtjc1ZVWnBCM01vSkRUdU4zY0RWa1l3TWtidlJHTXFGRlVZcEdNd0ZYYlV0eWNCZERlMGNqUXRKbmQ1a0ZVelEzZDBWWGV2VUViMWxuZW1kWFF6QmpVUzVtZXJjWFowWlRNRmQyWlRaV080TVVlMVpGTVdKSGREQm5VRmx6ZDJnbGJUQmxUMUlHV3JSamJ2ZEhiQmhYY0RCWGNDVldibXRTZE9GRlJ4RnpZeWdGYXc1bVZ5cGtRblpqYjA5R1ZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/lv/282263/svg/mtv-live-seeklogo.com.svg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Live
http://?dlJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWR2J6VVVaMWdEYjVkVmNocFVOSHBHVDNVbWVyQWpkdWRFU3dCM015WjFkMHdFTzFaSFQyQUZlMDhtYWpSMU5TZDFWcDlFVmtSMGFEaFhiVk5sUkJ0RWFTaERTMUZFUm9KM1N5RVZWa1JITk05ME01Um5ld0FUVW1SVVp5bEdlTGhGUmtwM1ZrOUdSUzFHYlZ0eVR2bzBRckpGUnc5Q1Ryc0dhSFZVVVcxRWI2UkVWd2xVYndWWFVPVm1lWWwzYnlOV1JVSlhlMUVYT3U5MFpvaDBjRXBGVDVRSE1XdFVhYUpsZHZWWFZFWnpZM2xXZTNNV2N4SW5jNEZEYXRsVWRYSmtXb3AwU3psRVprNUdPeFJITUpoVFZyTm1ka0JUYTNGRFV2ZEdXa1YyY2toV081VXpUSFJIZVJkbFYzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/lv/282263/svg/mtv-live-seeklogo.com.svg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Live
http://?M1JFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWMmF6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSFZIVDNVbWVyQWpidWRFU3dCM013WjFkMHdFTzFaSFQ1TUhNclowYTNrRGRacG5jcUJqU0RWMGJPbFhRVmRVV1dsbGJ0QlZhWVZ6Vno5bVVxaERUcnNtVXFoV1NNTkZkaWRUVXhjV011bDNjNGNsZDQwbVMyRUdicUpGYjJrV2VUZGpadU5VVHpvVWFCZDNUNUl6WTVvbmRTRjBLeloxTnhwSFVaUkhjeUVYVVNoMlRVdG1kWUIzVFBaVU53Rm5SeHdFV21wR2J4d1VhT0JUZU5CalF5SkVadnBsV1JoVFJROTJMaXBFY1ZWWGVoVkZNNVUxY3NSekxXMVViWmQyVlJ0Q1ZFTm1lSmxIY3ZjamF1TkVkQnRHTWFaWGRuTjJUVTVVY2g5Q09CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824742_ico.png?ts=1613202550" group-title="Hindi Channel", PTV World
http://?MlJFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWR2J6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSDlHVDNVbWVyQVRjdWRFU3dCM013WjFkMHdFTzF0R1Q1TUhNclpVZDNrRGRacG5jMUJqU0RWMGJPOVdRVmRVV250VWVCWmxUREpsZHp4V2E2bEVhMGwzVjNFRWI0RXpabTFrUVdKSFJ1OW1aMzkyTXhjWFZxQkRVTUpXZGt0MFE1RWxSM0ZqU3lObVVVZG5ZQ1IySzNsRGJxRjFRc2xXZXRKV1VpUnpVUzFHY0ZSVlQ2WkRjdk5WUUJWV2NzWkdXbnBYTkxWbk1WTjBhb0psY0NaVWVTUjJkdEJIVHVSRU9VWjNMRVZqYmo5VWJKOTBjcTkwVXFaV1VDVkZka1IzTHJSalNIRmpjMjEwZFE5bU02WlVWWHAxWXB4bVZSTjNUa0p6WkNsa1VCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824741_ico.png?ts=1613202319" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Bollywood Premier
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://techstory.in/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ShemarooMe.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max
http://?cVJFTjRjemJCdG1WNDkyVDZWR2R6VVVaMWdEYjBkVmNocFVOSHBHVDNVbWVyQWpldWRFU3dCM015WjFkMHdFTzFkSFQyQUZlMDhHZGpSMU5TZDFWNTlFVmtSMGFEZFhiVk5sUjVBRGRGUkVUek5VWXRwVVpvcG5UMFFIVVFkM2MybDBkSEZHT1Zaak0zRnpVWFIwVFE1R1JtVldWRUJIYjJNVE9QdFVZNTlpVkR0MktNMW1id0kxTXk0MGJvbG1ORWgyYXB4MlNwSldWcjkyUzFOMk00SlhjazVtZGFoRGNzTm5VVGR6U05sR01CRkZPTDltY1RKSGR6RTNVNHRpUXlrWFVWQkhlcEpsYVZGbWFpaFRZeU5rWnpobVpQRkVXQmxtWjY5VVQzWmtkRFozUjB4a1VuVjFRQnhVUTZOM2FOeDBZMHBGY2xkRmJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Sony_Max_2_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max 2
http://?b1JFTjRjemJCNW1WNDkyVDZWMmF6VVVaMWdEYnFkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQXpadWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzE5R1QyQUZlMDhHZGpSMU5TZDFWbjlFVmtSMGFEWlhiVk5sUm1kMWJyeEVjeWdVT3VSVmEwMG1WVGhYYzE5a2M0b0ZlQ3gyTWx0bWVvQjNVWE5IT1g5MlZCUldhek1UZXN0aVlocFdNd1JYTVhKRVc1MG1hRmRIYXZNMGE2SjBRVEpVWTBKRE9ZZEZOdWxHYktWVGJxeEdiQ1ZVYlpSMlZvZDJTUXAxVEt4MlVtWmtlWmhsY2pwV016SW5XeU56TG9abE5PNUdaUGwyZEZGMmNQaDNMc0YwVG81MmNTbERibXBtWjBFbmU0OG1kNGRYTjVnMk1uWmticlEyWnlZWFo1YzBSM0kxWktaMVVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max HD
http://?MlJFTjRjemJCSm5WNDkyVDZWV2F6VVVaMWdEYnNkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQXpjdWRFU3dCM00wWjFkMHdFTzE1R1Q1TUhNclowWjNrRGRacG5jdEJqU0RWMGJPcFdRVmRVV01ObmRYTldlNGxYT3FoalJyWUZlUGhuVkR0MlZ2Y0VibzFFY0U5R2ExQlhieWxHU0JwV1VpbFVXdmxqZXFsSE4ySUdackZEZDJnVk1GaG5OS2RWUjVWRWF3TW5RdllrUjExbVFXVkRSYWRHVXZJVWJMUjJjT3gyY3BoalM0RkhUNjFrZTNaM1FOcG5ab2wxY21oVU1WQjFWcXBuYjRCblpzWm5WR0owZHp0eWJESm5ZNXcyVm9KMFN5RWtRbGQzSzBVMFpYWmxjVkZ6VlA5MEs0TjFkdEYxWmo5R1pZWjFUSVJsZG5ka2RuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/497440939388858368/73qSmbwD_400x400.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Pal
http://?dVJFTjRjemJCVm5WNDkyVDZWR2F6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSGhHVDNVbWVyQVRidWRFU3dCM012WjFkMHdFTzFsSFQyQUZlMDhtYmpSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFEVlhiVk5sUjROVmREcDNWT1ZrTnBkVGJaWjNaeVpIVjNVR01MNUdhM29sYTFrSFZ0bFZWellGVjFvbU1tTlhSdlEyWllCVE5ySmxNbzFrVXlnVVR1eEdacEIxVHJWbGNPTkRkcEZWZXFSMEt3SVRUVVpYWkNaMWJOWmxkc3hVVElCVFFxTkRlWjkwTVdsR2VaSm5jMUIxYnZaMFlvSm5WeXBFZHdNbVNUcDNNWE5sTTBGa2UwaGxOdlZUU3FGbU5YZERSNEVIYTRaRmQwbEhiU05qTUIxR1VvbFRONlJFVzJkbmFOWkZSclprZGpKV1VCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/sony-sab-logo-sab-tv-11563255194ov0us7me4e.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Sab
http://?cFJFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWR2J6VVVaMWdEYnRkVmNocFVOSEZIVDNVbWVyQVRhdWRFU3dCM000WjFkMHdFTzFoSFQyQUZlMDgyYWpSMU5TZDFWdzlFVmtSMGFEcFdiVk5sUmo5aWV4dFVZcGhEYjVwMFo2MVVPYUozTUVGMFRQUm5kSEpUUndrWFduZDNMSGgwYnRwWFRaTm5RUTFXYkNaa1RXUmxNcDlFTjZWSGUycDJiaWxIUzRaVWRMcFVWNXAzYnBsbmUxa2xSNEFYV3hwM1FyVjNkNWcwVjBJWFZ6TkZWUXRXYTZKbmVRbGpiV2gzY3lnalNYVkRSMVYzY2lKWE01cG1ZM0VHU3doRWV4a2tVTHhVVTVoR2FvbGxZcjUyYmpoWE1KOUVlVmhWTzRza1NvaDJVcjRtWUhkV1RzbGxkdkFIYmpCalJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv HD
http://?NVJFTjRjemJCVm5WNDkyVDZWMlp6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSGRIVDNVbWVyQURhdWRFU3dCM01xWjFkMHdFTzE5R1QyQUZlMDhtZGpSMU5TZDFWbjlFVmtSMGFERlhiVk5sUkdGVmF2bEhXUnAwUndSa051MWtlNnQyVlJOa2R6SkhiUmhXT3owVVY1aG1kbmxGTU1WSFJ0TkZWejFXZVFSR05IbDBWbjFHY3cxa2UzZzNMMWNtWWxwMWEwUkhSd0VHV3haRWNDTlVaakIzTEtaRFMyb0hkbU5YYnhvM2R4cGtaVTVrUnlkblNOaFVPbzVFYTR4R2VQQmxRM0ZFY2h0RWJENTJRMmRXTXcwRWNRcEVWS2RGUzJWMmMwOVVUcm9IYTJ0RWNYSlhlRDlrWkdCemF4WlhiQ05tUnJrM2EwSmxWMjhrZHhBbmNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv SD
http://?c1JFTjRjemJCdG1WNDkyVDZWbWF6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSHRHVDNVbWVyQXpadWRFU3dCM00yWjFkMHdFTzFsR1QyQUZlMDhHYWpSMU5TZDFWejlFVmtSMGFEWlhiVk5sUkdGRmJ2bEhXUnAwUnFSa051MWtlNlozVlJOa2R6SkhiUmhXT3owVVZxaG1kbmxGTU1WSFJ0TkZWejEyYVFSR05IbDBWcjFHY3cxa2UzVTNMMWNtWWxwRmQwUkhSd0VHV3RaRWNDTlVaalYzTEtaRFMyb25lbU5YYnhvM2R2cGtaVTVrUnk1bVNOaFVPbzUwYjR4R2VQQmxRNUZFY2h0RWJEcDNRMmRXTXcwa2NRcEVWS2RGUzRWMmMwOVVUcllIYTJ0RWNYSlhhRDlrWkdCemFuWlhiQ05tUnJVM2EwSmxWMjhVYnhBbmNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d3e2xvtryj10p1.cloudfront.net/general_content/21_0_16_1_1521807420.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Yay
http://?NVJFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYjZkVmNocFVOSEpIVDNVbWVyQURkdWRFU3dCM00xWjFkMHdFTzFwSFQyQUZlMDgyWmpSMU5TZDFWdzlFVmtSMGFEbFdiVk5sUjZSVGFDcDFOTVJIV3NKbWM0WnpMU2RIYjFOVmRNVm1iMU1rTUd0Q2Q2MWtkNUVYYTJvblp2SlRhVXRpYWhGMUt3RmxVblIyVkt4VVVEQm5ZbFZtV2pSR2IyZzBaM3NFV3hSVllKSmpUak4zSzJGVE1tcEhiUWRuUXhRVlEwbGxkRWgxUnRSM1p1SnpLb0ZuZTFnV095WkVONFZIUjQ1R09HVkhTc1pFZXpRRWFyMTBUS1YzVHRwRlQxWVRWdllYUXc4bVV4Vkhkc04zWjAxV1E0TkdWd3RXVm5Cbk4zVWtkM2NtZXNKVlNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/40/Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg/220px-Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Bharat
http://?clJFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWMmF6VVVaMWdEYm9kVmNocFVOSHRHVDNVbWVyQXpkdWRFU3dCM00yWjFkMHdFTzFOSFQyQUZlMDhtYWpSMU5TZDFWMTlFVmtSMGFEMVdiVk5sUkNsMWJ5Y2pWVHRtWnBOWFd2RmpkT2QzVVFGMWN0NVViWHRVVk9OVVJuNVdjWHgwZDBNSGVsdGlSVXBtZG9kVGV4RlRZeHRDYUtsVlJrbG5Tbkp6U0habWUwUkhhM2MwTHFkVU16QjFUSGRuUnp3VU0wbFZkWGhFYTROMmF1OTJVRGQxUnlwWGNsWjFMcUZtZVVKR01TWlRRMGRGZVRKSE4zUW5Sa0ZYZGlOM1pxcDJTTE5FWjRaVVl6QURPMmcyTGtGMk00dzBianRTVzF3V2VxeG1ad2NWVUd4Mk55MW1Xc0YyZEdKelMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.satiitv.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/star-gold-2.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold 2
http://?MVJFTjRjemJCVm5WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYnNkVmNocFVOSHhHVDNVbWVyQXpjdWRFU3dCM01uWjFkMHdFTzFOSFQ1TUhNclprZTNrRGRacG5jNkJqU0RWMGJPZFdRVmRVV3RsbmNCWkhObUpXWW5WellCdHlSM0puVTNJVWFuSkZkSXRXV1VCSFJ6aEhlb1p6Y3pRM1l1SlZUbFZsZGFSMVFPSkRXM1JWYnBOR2NwNVdiRzEwY3JRWGRtRlhRd2tWV3haa1cyc2lidEIzUzNkbVd3VVhlNmhFTk01RVN4TkdOek0wVEhsM1NWSlhlc2RrZEJsV09ZRnpaekZqWWp0VWE0YzJkNTkyUzFaVmJreEVNTnBrTXdwbVR3OFNkVlIzTVBaMWJ4QVRjdzkyVWpGbGU0bG5Ta2RXWVRwSFVxSldjMWtsYURaMU4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/S/star-gold-logo-D1A2937F35-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold HD
http://?MVJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWR2J6VVVaMWdEYnNkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQVRjdWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzFoSFQyQUZlMDhHYmpSMU5TZDFWdzlFVmtSMGFEaFdiVk5sUm1WRGRpWkZONVYzS3hGbk0xUm1OWGgzZDZKbGVFUmxlV3AxS29obGM0Sm1abFZqVTNaWE9aQnpTRVZVZUQ5aWN4NFVTdU4yUUxsSE4zNUdORmx6UjU1a2J4azJheU1IYTVWRFRvbGxSaHBHVXZ0VVRMOVdhUFJVTjNFR2FzMVVUdlkyYkROSFdKWjNTelpXYVVabk1QVjFSdlYySzRsemNTOUdOM2hsY3I1MmFqcEVNMFkxVTJka1V3dFNUemdYVVo5U05yZEhkVFpYYUdWWGJ0ZDFSNlZXT3lJSFdhNTBWMWdFZHc1bVMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tatasky.com/s3-api/v1/assets/channels/star-gold-select.gif" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold Select
http://?MFJFTjRjemJCaG1WNDkyVDZWbWJ6VVVaMWdEYnpkVmNocFVOSEpIVDNVbWVyQXpkdWRFU3dCM001WjFkMHdFTzFWSFQyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWejlFVmtSMGFEQlhiVk5sUlJORWFMOUVNbUpHYnpCek54VlZhbHRtU3ZGWGJxUm1lNTRFUnhKMFFxeFdlclJrTTRGblYzVUVXbUpEZDFrM0tTUjFLM0oyVjE0V05aVkhad0p6TE5CbmRPUm5jM3BsVHFkR1J6VXpLNGgzVFNwVVJCbFhjdjhpV0lKVFkzbFVNWmRrTllkV1NaWjBUTWhVYXBCM1IxbHpickZtZU90Q1NYZEdTM3RrWlVSVGRRRlRVRzkyVHVkVWVhbEdObHAyUTVGemQwSmphM1lUY1NkV2NubG5TczltZW1kV1d3aGtVWmgxZDJkRlczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/3-32979_star-plus-star-plus-logo-new-hd-png.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Plus
http://?NlJFTjRjemJCbG5WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYm5kVmNocFVOSHRHVDNVbWVyQURjdWRFU3dCM00yWjFkMHdFTzFsSFQyQUZlMDhXYmpSMU5TZDFWdTlFVmtSMGFEeFdiVk5sUnkxRWNYbFVZcWQxS3c1bWVNdDBRdXRHTURaemF0ZGxiWkYyTHRSVmM2bEhTeU1HYUU1bWE0UjFLMGNsYTVWamJCNUVabmQxYkRseks0NFdPekkzWnJOVWJ2UnpZa05FVDFoMWN0VldVNUpYVkVWa1FOdHliMzQyY1RSalIwbG5Ud2RWWUxsblc0NTJkaUZqYWh4R2R5cEZScEYxVG9wV1JJSm5TV1YzYnpRRmFtWkVjdk5sU3NSRWR5TTFSa2huV1ZoVmVaQkZjcjhFZW9SRGV6eEdhMmhGVk01R1YxNUdXMDRHY3NGemNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/PTV_Sports.png" group-title="Sports Channel", PTV Sports
http://?c1JFTjRjemJCOW1WNDkyVDZWbWV6VVVaMWdEYnNkVmNocFVOSGxIVDNVbWVyQXpadWRFU3dCM01uWjFkMHdFTzFkR1QyQUZlMDgyWmpSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFEcFdiVk5sUnlnbGNNOVNPaVpWT3M1MlR2RVVPcVYzTGFaRU9XSjNhVlJEYnAxMFl3cG1SSVptWTJaWGNJcEZTdndFYUZwV090TjBSNU5qVlZGekxvcG1WME5rYTBFRmV1RlZOSlZXYnhGWGFaZGtUU2wzWng0VVlyWlhlb3RrVUc5U2QzZHpZWkYxWjFaWFQxd1VicWRIY3RwVk5ZRlVlNGxWVjRnellpNW1VeUpFWklCRmV6QWxNMVVXVHdsbk14STBjeW9YTjFkamR3UUVidkFWZElkR1N1aDNhT2hUVmo1MllrOXliWXRHYVBoWGFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://archive.org/services/img/SkySportsCricket_201708" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Cricket
http://?dlJFTjRjemJCZG1WNDkyVDZWV2N6VVVaMWdEYjZkVmNocFVOSDFHVDNVbWVyQVRidWRFU3dCM00xWjFkMHdFTzF4R1QyQUZlMDhXZGpSMU5TZDFWcjlFVmtSMGFEQlhiVk5sUkd0Q2R4MUdUUFoxZDBKSE5JRjBZMlJIVWhKbmRXWm1hcVpWV0RoallwZFhjWXBWY2h4MlZLUm1hMEJsY3JVR1NrTldjNHR5U3dOWFRERkhiR0ZXY0JKbWVpZFVXMVlUVHBkWFcwVkVXejBXYlNGVE50OUVkc2hXUXNWR2JyZDJkWVYwVUdCblFScDBReEFEZXlGME14RlVaM3R5WTFRSFJSSm5id0F6Tlh0R2NQZHpLTVZFZTQ5MlFRTlZOSmwzTDJKbFFUdEViR2xWYjBzU1U2aG1hd1VsYU0xR2JETlVUb3RtYzE0MGFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Football
http://?dlJFTjRjemJCVm5WNDkyVDZWbWF6VVVaMWdEYnBkVmNocFVOSDVHVDNVbWVyQWpldWRFU3dCM010WjFkMHdFTzFSSFQyQUZlMDhtZGpSMU5TZDFWMjlFVmtSMGFEaFhiVk5sUkJSSGRtVmxXNE5YUzFCM1lvdFVhRWxYVnlJVlo1WlVlNGgwUzV0VWExRjFiMklrYVJwbWNVSmpaNEEzZHBaVmJ3ZGxSeWR6TWFKelU2eEdNMmhUTjRoRWVTTjNMTlIwVnpSVWJLWmpSNUlYY1BSR2UzOUNhMlFWTzM4U1o1cG5keUpYTlVWWE11aG5TbUYxZFZSRk1NVjFWcTEyTDNwbWRDWjNaSU5tVUtwMFo1a1VVcWxHYXlCMVJQOWlaQ1ZIVTE5MEtwSm1hMUJuY1ZCbFd3NW1RUkpUT1V4R2I1Y0RiS0oxZElKR1MzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/Sony_SIX_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Six
http://?NFJFTjRjemJCbG1WNDkyVDZWR2N6VVVaMWdEYjNkVmNocFVOSEZIVDNVbWVyQVRkdWRFU3dCM001WjFkMHdFTzE1R1QyQUZlMDhXYmpSMU5TZDFWcjlFVmtSMGFEMVdiVk5sUmtOVGNZVjBUVFJrTTM5V05obGpNcmRYYXhkSFNobEdibHQyTFV0aWRzaGphNWtWUlF4V1kxWjJhYWgyY0lKVVNZRkZlMlZEZFlOM1lOZDNheEJEVEc5V2QwRjFSVmQxTnJ4VWRGRjJMa3RXVFJoek1hSkhkd1FVVHJva2JzUm5jb0ozVHNOWFZKSnpSa1JVZU54V1l5SWxNbzFFTm1WMk0zTlhieGRIUjBkWGFZVkVObmhGVXM5aWFSbDFTMjhtVUpSbmJpSlRiT3BWUnRCRmIyWldhQkJITTFWSGJtTlVPMFoxY3ZOa2VCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 1
http://?cFJFTjRjemJCZG5WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYm9kVmNocFVOSE5IVDNVbWVyQXpadWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzF4R1QyQUZlMDhHZGpSMU5TZDFWdTlFVmtSMGFENVdiVk5sUjVoVWN6aEVjTUZGVHVGMmJQOW1XMW9uWVpKMWNQbDNadUYwWTJjR2MyUmtWUlZtU3lKM0t6SUdhSFJVZHJsalNPbFVjNEZVVHVwblZRbG5VMEUwTTZabmVNWm5NRWRHWnZsRk8xa2pWa2xIUjZSemE0MTJaREpWV3JKRWV2ZEhjRmxsVlpsM0xIbGxhVjl5YTNkMFVZTldhdXAwYXhCbFlzUlhRbE5XU0VsRmF3SmxNWjUwSzJkelRzbERVRkYzU25Ka2FaRnpkaXgyYnI5U2F1VmpXMFozTE1KM1IxQVRTQkZtYWpwblpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 2
http://?cVJFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSDVHVDNVbWVyQWpldWRFU3dCM01zWjFkMHdFTzF0R1QyQUZlMDhHZWpSMU5TZDFWNDlFVmtSMGFEZFhiVk5sUjBFemJFbG1ZNE4yUzBoRE1uUnpNeGczY0hGR2U0bDJjMU5HTXlWM2N0ZG1lMnRFTzVSWGN2ZzJjS05IZU45eVFsTlZhckJEV3RCRlNHTjNLcWxXWm1KWGRPZFRldmxtTm81MFlpTm1XWEpYY2pOM2Ewa0VidUpFVXZrVlp4Sm1jaWxWTXpRbmV5UXpNNWdXY3Y5V05rQlhlMEpHYW85a1FHcDNSMVFsZEtWbGJhbFdZQ0ZVUzI1V2RHQlROaWxHUzVJbmFGSkZkWHRtVXFKRmN3cGtWSWQxWk9kWGQyZDFVeDlXZTFrSGRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://skytv.com.np/admin/uploads/channel_image/98.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 3
http://?eVJFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWMlp6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSGxHVDNVbWVyQURkdWRFU3dCM00wWjFkMHdFTzFwSFQyQUZlMDhtZGpSMU5TZDFWcDlFVmtSMGFEZFhiVk5sUjA1RWFXTkRNd0VsTnBsbmV2Z3pTMWRuWXZVMmExWlZkalJYWkJsV2JzSlZOelF6VGtCM1NxQm5VckVsZGhKVVNWaFhZd1ozWXFOMFZwQkhhM2dqTnJabGIzWmpWRVZXU3lGbmF2azBRdGRYVUtGRE14ZGxhMWRGVzJJVU10SjFUVVJUZXdRWGNIcFZSbWxIYzRva1NHbFVRcUp6WmpWMGNVcDNNakpUUlFkSGNJdDBUcmczTW5abVoySWxlNTlXUllWMVo0TTFhelF6UnVsRGExMVVTM0lETXlwR05haDNOaWRUY1loMVluMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/372-3722669_star-sports-1-live-streaming-high-quality-star.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 1
http://?M1JFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWMmF6VVVaMWdEYjZkVmNocFVOSEZIVDNVbWVyQWphdWRFU3dCM01yWjFkMHdFTzFKSFQyQUZlMDgyWmpSMU5TZDFWcTlFVmtSMGFEZFdiVk5sUllWamFsTkZWMXdXU3haVE93SVhaNWxuYTVSSFdTaGxjYU5ITnZoamV6QjFienBHYTFrWGJEaDJibU5FY3pJbGRMbGpheXBHVTVabk1rMTJjVUprTUtORWNUZFRkU3hXZDVKMk5PWnphcnNHWnF0aVVKVmtlRmxVUlhSV2I1UnpUSmwxTHJRSFZ5VUZVNW9WYzBsM04zc2lkbmQxS3R4V1NCOTJhd0ZuYU9WV2U2bEhWTVZXUjRwVlYxWjBLMjVXUXdsWFZ4Rm5iWXhXZXZWRFd6OVdkbVZUTlVoMlJJZDFicmhrYUkxR2NCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngjoy.com/pngm/952/11033345_india-cricket-logo-star-sports-2-logo-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 2
http://?c1JFTjRjemJCOW1WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYjRkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQVRkdWRFU3dCM016WjFkMHdFTzFkR1QyQUZlMDhHY2pSMU5TZDFWMDlFVmtSMGFEcFdiVk5sUml4MmNMNTBaU2wxYnJSalNRUmtTYUpIV245V1RzSm1hNE1uUkRCRlc0OUNOR3RrVmkxR2NTaFZkeVFUYlVWMEt2RTNNeUJ6VndWWFdCSm5Od3RrTnVwV2VNdFdkMlprVDNkSGNPZFdOMnQyVHdFRlpWMTBheWgwYzFWMlRwVkdhNUpIV3d4bVV2WjNMVU5VY0RsVGNIbHpMemgzVDU5MFl6bFhkdmdrUlkxV2UzRmpjcFIzYzNSV2VhTm5lUzVXVzVjVGN2TlZhblpHTnZna054RjJORVIwZFdwR01PQlZUU1ZtZE81bWVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/star-sports-select-hd-1-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 1
http://?MFJFTjRjemJCdG1WNDkyVDZWMmJ6VVVaMWdEYjZkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQXpidWRFU3dCM012WjFkMHdFTzExR1QyQUZlMDhtY2pSMU5TZDFWNTlFVmtSMGFERlhiVk5sUk5OamVxTmpOdmgxVW5oVU0zQVhOcXAzUlpKek5tNVViMFZuVDNoMFl5WlRkVGhUTW5wWFJqQjNkeUZHYXhJWFV1OVNWMVIxTHdna1UzOTJjMTBrVmFCbmQzWm1jM1l6YXZsVFJ5SUVhMkFIVUhWV1k1TVRicnNVYk9WRVUyOUNiRE4zWlZoR040SXphb1JqYk5KMGNOaGxSNDlpU2g5eU5ZdEdUWlZVYk5GRWVwWmtadkVqU3RObWJ4QmxZTGRuVXVkbU5SWjNjWkZIY0tkMlU0SjNSdGRGZGF0V1YzcDBSaFpXZGhoVk9SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%202%20hd.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 2
http://?dVJFTjRjemJCcG5WNDkyVDZWbWJ6VVVaMWdEYm9kVmNocFVOSEpIVDNVbWVyQVRldWRFU3dCM01zWjFkMHdFTzExR1QyQUZlMDhtYmpSMU5TZDFWNTlFVmtSMGFENVdiVk5sUkVSMmQzQUhjTjVVWnVSRE5vcG1lUmRtZUx0V05raGtjNWdUVTNVbmJ0UmxSeUZqV0VaSGN6VVdUd3R5Y1lkVWNUOUNVdTlrV3lKV2RPWlhUWVp6UWhabWRFSlZNdlIzYjVWblVYaEdhNkpYZXN0MmJzZDNkRU5UWXNGalYwTmxZU1ZsTjJBWFZQVkRkcFIyYjVjSFJ6aDJjMTFXZWxaM00wYzNhdlpFVFI1MGNxVmxSYUZUYzNaVk00NDJVVEJYY01wR1JZeEdkUVZYVnZwR2RuNWtUejhXVHJnR2J1VjBhNU5XYW9sVVFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/11/T_Sports_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", T Sports
http://?c1JFTjRjemJCWm5WNDkyVDZWbWV6VVVaMWdEYnBkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQWphdWRFU3dCM012WjFkMHdFTzExR1QyQUZlMDhtZWpSMU5TZDFWeTlFVmtSMGFEOVdiVk5sUlQ1bWR0ZEVVMFVIYjNObGNacDNaejVXU3RCbmUwTnphNTRrWWFkbWNuTkhPcGhqZFF4bVRqSm1Ra3BXZXlka1psTlhRcmwyYXJjMlR0ZFdjaFIzZFZGWGFubDNhdUpYWndsR1d4TTNjelpYVk01VVVUaDBkdmxuZEtkRE10Um5kbEJGU3drM1VIQmpTSUYzYVdaR1p5c0dNdWhWVW9aMlN4WUhaeEJEVlFkVmJyTkZScklXVzJsV01OdG1TNjlHTndCSFVSVkVkUFJGUjZaMVU0VlhaWFpXT3lGSGRVQjFRdVJHYXFsV2EzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/57/6c/36/576c36c2b45e2bc52b2360fcd2fd2eb4.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Ten Sports
http://?MlJFTjRjemJCVm5WNDkyVDZWMmJ6VVVaMWdEYnRkVmNocFVOSFpIVDNVbWVyQURkdWRFU3dCM00xWjFkMHdFTzFGSFQyQUZlMDhXY2pSMU5TZDFWMjlFVmtSMGFEUlhiVk5sUlg5Q2EyQlRNM1EyTndkM1F3d1diSGxXUWo5U01yRVdhcE5UWVZKek0xZGxZMGRUV28xR1I1QVZaNG9VZEJkSFdyb1dkdkJEU3paMUxPdG1ieTltTlUxR2VUZFhlUGRqWW54bU5XVmxkNUpuY0taek1wVjFkMHNDUm50aWE2aFVlT1ZHZFJCWGVxUkdhbU4zYUdoMEtuWlRONFJtUmtSbmQyaFdad00yTXhsbWR5NGtSRTkySzNwV2Mwb1dhT2RYTng0V1pJUkdkWjlFZEZoVFdwbGtkNGgzWkh4R1RwUnpTM0JsYmlCRE5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Animal_Planet_channel_logo_green.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Animal Planet
http://?NFJFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWMmN6VVVaMWdEYnFkVmNocFVOSE5IVDNVbWVyQVRldWRFU3dCM01xWjFkMHdFTzF0R1QyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFEaFdiVk5sUlpKVmVpSjFjd1ozVjJKbWFQeG1SVWwyWWhOek1HOTJiVHBuUm1GbFJ0eEdWQ0ZWWUJoM2N5QURXWWhEYVFSVE9RcFZlcE5sTWhSemEya1dVRTkyTlhSV2EwTWxWRmRYV3NGM1UzTVdkNEZuU3hrVldyQVRjUkpYU1V4a2QxOWlkR1JuVXBoMlRqVlZSNjFrYzJsbWFGNUVPM3BsZXZCelY2cDJVNGMxTkxORGFMSkRiczltUXpkRU9EUjJOTFJIU0paamI0QjFiWEoyYVFSV1l1aDBMS2xrTnoxMmE1QkRaRmRGZTFsMlJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/Crime_and_Investigation_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Crime Investigation
http://?dFJFTjRjemJCcG5WNDkyVDZWV2J6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSEZIVDNVbWVyQURhdWRFU3dCM014WjFkMHdFTzFwR1QyQUZlMDhXZWpSMU5TZDFWczlFVmtSMGFEQlhiVk5sUlpKRmJpSjFjd1ozVjFKbWFQeG1SVWwyWWhOek1HOTJkVHBuUm1GbFJueEdWQ0ZWWUJCM2N5QURXWWhqYVFSVE9RcFZlek5sTWhSemEyd1dVRTkyTlhSV2EwTWxWRmRYV3VGM1UzTVdkNGRuU3hrVldyQWpiUkpYU1V4a2RvOWlkR1JuVXBsMlRqVlZSNjFFYzJsbWFGNUVPMHBsZXZCelY2aDJVNGMxTkxOVGVMSkRiczltUTJkRU9EUjJOTFpIU0paamI0QmxkWEoyYVFSV1kzaDBMS2xrTnpWM2E1QkRaRmRWZTFsMlJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?NVJFTjRjemJCeG1WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYjZkVmNocFVOSFJIVDNVbWVyQVRjdWRFU3dCM015WjFkMHdFTzFoR1QyQUZlMDhHYmpSMU5TZDFWdTlFVmtSMGFEaFhiVk5sUm1sRmV3SVdlb2xXVzVGV05zRlVidXAzVkNwMVVXNW1jRWRuVW5sRmJvVjNac04zVlhWWFNpRlhUT0JIYjRRR1NyWlRRM0pVWXBoVlMxOW1jd016YTZORWFWNWtWNXBrTTY5Q1REaEZScXAzWnZnMFE0RUVkWUJIV0tWbFUxZEdiTzFFUzFrSFRUdEdiWWRWY09aR1JhUmtadGR6YnlKbFRMUm5aeWRWVnFOVmQxZEdWVmxsUnFKemJoRmpiaXBuUk1SRGJ5b0djd1FuWU5OSE56WjNMdjFXTkxkbVNWMVdWenBVY0RGWFduMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ef/Discovery_Asia_logo.svg/1200px-Discovery_Asia_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Asia
http://?NFJFTjRjemJCbG1WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSHBIVDNVbWVyQVRkdWRFU3dCM01wWjFkMHdFTzFaSFQyQUZlMDgyYWpSMU5TZDFWczlFVmtSMGFEOVdiVk5sUlFSa2NwZGxOek4zSzBkV2I0OUVNU2RHU2pSelRsVm5jRFJqU0pWMFZ3VjBVeUoyWXpnbU1ZVjFWTloyYnVSellIWlRUeXBrY1VCSE1VWkhiSk5ITUIxbWRPUkRack5ITXpsMk1EaDBSbGhuWVRWMVN5RWpjWDFXTkhaR01xRlVXSUpFWmxKM1JEbHpNSTVVYUhaamNqZDFZNUptVTB4VVFFQkhVeTVHU0dSVmUzZzJMdlJrUXNoa2Ryc1VXd01IVW1sa2NNbFdhQ05qYTV0R01wRldkeFJ6WUhkbVMzSTJhUk4xY1ZWVk5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Bangla
http://?PWNtUjVjRk9pUm5hTFoyTXp3bWNwbGpNckZtZXhJSGN2TUVXMUYxZDVCM1V3WkdSc1pHY1dCVk1hQkhSMTFtY0o5MGN2aFRaalJIVHFWRFN4dFNSU2htWWp0Q1ZCQmxhUlpFTjRwbGQ1WkZka1pXT3ZNbmVFcEVSR0ZGY01aelp5ZFRXNGhIYjFza2NXQkhhcXBWZWFkVmVtdHlkSVpHTjBKM2FFMVVNMFFIVHlwME13RmthNVZVWUhGRlp2aDJUMWxWYU1oSGFNbDBLejlFYkUxMFIwdGlOcWh6UUVsbWFvaDNaeVJuVFJOamFhVm5iSlpGT3psbWVSbEVhMlkzVHU1a2FRZHphdlYwWTBFM1ZxaEdVVnhFVUN0V1NHbFRiaFZqZVk1V1ZSUldN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/Discovery_science_new_logo_2017.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Science
http://?dVJFTjRjemJCZG1WNDkyVDZWMmN6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSFZIVDNVbWVyQWpldWRFU3dCM016WjFkMHdFTzFKSFQyQUZlMDhXZWpSMU5TZDFWMDlFVmtSMGFEbFhiVk5sUlN4MGFyOFdlRFJsVXB0Q2RWSjFORlJYUVFWamVDSjNacXgyVW9obFZ1dG1lRmRIT1Z4V09TWjJjVGRHYnZNa2Uya1dSclpET0tWRFMxazNNUUYyY3pnMmQ1SVVRR1Z6YnhaRGR2SkVhSk5YVU5oVmVpRmtlWkIzTW5Kak01SjNjU05sVTAxV1VKZEdlVXhrZG50eUxzTjNacTFFUkZoMktQSlhiMklWYzVWbmM2eEdkbXBHYXZOSE9sWkdaM01ITVNkR2JXRkViajlDVEN0MFJxdEdjYUJuVXc4R1UwTjJhaEIzYnhFalUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Discovery_Showcase_Logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Showcase
http://?MlJFTjRjemJCUm5WNDkyVDZWbWV6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSDlHVDNVbWVyQURkdWRFU3dCM01vWjFkMHdFTzFwR1QyQUZlMDgyY2pSMU5TZDFWNjlFVmtSMGFEbFhiVk5sUnhZelowSjFiMTRtWTNwM1N2TVVZQnhtUjFSalV1eDBacjlVTXVoRE9wUjFab0JqU3IwbWFZOW1XNGN6ZHNKbFNIbERWb05HZEpwbVRRVkhkT05HYlBaR2FCZGxRTEprWjRGMGR6aDFZbUpIT3ZKV2NITjJjeFptY1ExR055WjJLNVFEYXpZM1J3WWtZUGhIZHhNM2J6NDJRNUJUZFl0RWNUTjNkcWRIZW9GVmVFaFdTelVVVXBWMmF0TjFhenAzYVl0MksyWkdlSzFFZVJSRWR0OWlVd1IxYUg1bWJ1bFdkVEZtYlJSemEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/H2_channel_logo.PNG" group-title="Informative Channel", H2
http://?blJFTjRjemJCbG5WNDkyVDZWMlp6VVVaMWdEYnFkVmNocFVOSFZIVDNVbWVyQXpkdWRFU3dCM01uWjFkMHdFTzFaSFQ1TUhNclprYjNrRGRacG5jMEJqU0RWMGJPcFdRVmRVV1NSR2Q2QkRiTHAwVHhGVldyb0ZPQmQzYWt4bVY2aGtjbjVtWVlwRVcxNVVUeUVGUlVoSFdsUlhUcjltZHBWblYzVjJSbnBGZG1KblR3d1dlM0VGTkRkSGF2aDFkbGhVVzNCWE15QXpRdXBYY3ZZM2FGUjBaakpEU3NsV1V4VldlMmhFU3RGM0wwOXlVRUYyWnh3a1NWQjNjdE4zY1lkbFFxaG1SSTFXWXo1RWV6OFdWdVpVZXNkMkxNMTBhVEpYYkl0bWVJZHpjbFZGUmxOVlN3aDFZVzFFZWlGbmVySTBUVEoxYnRGRWVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://searchvectorlogo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/history-tv18-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", History 18
http://?clJFTjRjemJCaG1WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSDlHVDNVbWVyQXphdWRFU3dCM002WjFkMHdFTzFWSFQyQUZlMDhHYWpSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFESlhiVk5sUnhkamIzNFdXRkpFYjVwWE1KdDBjWU5uV0hWMVFaaGtidmxuVVROVlM2RlZhbmhGTzVoV01sSjFkbVozYnRSRVoySjBOMmhEV3ZJVWNVaFdPdHBtYm9CM2NwbFRSR1pIYnZOV2I1cDFVYXhtVnY5R053VUVhdWhIYnhVVE5xUmxWMlVXVWFKM1pyY1ZNM0pqY29aWFVIUlRXdGhYVHhNMmMwczJMcmhrY0dSamVvZFhkM3NHUm5OalR5eDJSMGRtTWpSRVV5SlZjNWwwUVJoRVI0ZFRSckVsVVB0MlNtZG1jajFHY3QxMFpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/398-3989913_id-investigation-discovery-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Investigation Discovery
http://?dlJFTjRjemJCaG1WNDkyVDZWbWJ6VVVaMWdEYnJkVmNocFVOSGxIVDNVbWVyQXpadWRFU3dCM01yWjFkMHdFTzFoSFQ1TUhNclpVYjNrRGRacG5jNUJqU0RWMGJPWlhRVmRVV3BkWGF6bEdOSTVtWXhoVFM0RmtlUFZYWmFobWFpaFdibkZYZDBoelE0WmpldFYwS1psSE14QmpjNWQyWnVOemFQbEhad0ZWVjFKM01SQlhkU0JYTU9kVWVJRjBkdGhGZDFwbFd3ZG5WWnBHVk5OV1FYeG1lM05YT0UxR2FxcDJVYXBVVDFCSFpVWmpRbWhsYjVNSGF1cFhlMUpWTm1SalN1bG5Ud1FGT1hWRmRYUjFjV1YyY3JSVmNwQm5OcncyZFRka2NPOW1jd0ZEVmFobWEzMTBaRlpETk85R1MzVlZlS0ZrYWxSblNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Nat_Geo_Wild_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nat Geo Wild
http://?d1JFTjRjemJCaG1WNDkyVDZWMmJ6VVVaMWdEYjNkVmNocFVOSEpIVDNVbWVyQVRhdWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzFaSFQyQUZlMDhXYmpSMU5TZDFWNTlFVmtSMGFEcFhiVk5sUjJsV2EwTUVjSGxtVnNWVWQzMWtXSzFXZFVoelRUbFdkeWhsWjBwa012TlhaaXgwTXljbmNSVmxUbWRsYVVSV1JocEdjb2xIY2hWelN6VUhXSFJqV3A1R2E1ZG1lS04wVnBoV1pXTjBOWmQzZFJSa2JQSkVielUyYWExR1Y0UlVhanQyTjBvV01VZERXdnBGYjMxV08wVlhVb0oxTjNORVpzRlhXdlVWUzRrSGRtZEdSSTVtZTBoVWU0VTJidUpYYm5Wa2FCaDFaMFpVTTRoVU9vQm5SNHAxUTNOSFVWWkRibnBWYVQ5MFZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?MVJFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWV2J6VVVaMWdEYnlkVmNocFVOSFpIVDNVbWVyQVRldWRFU3dCM014WjFkMHdFTzFwR1QyQUZlMDgyYmpSMU5TZDFWcDlFVmtSMGFEOVdiVk5sUlNabWNQdGtZdUpHVDVwMVQ1azNUdkJITkU1a05EWmthbGhXT1lsR2J2dEdWM29XWkJkblV3SUVNS3htYnhWVlFtSmpWcGxIY05oalJJeDJiT05GTng5a2JFRmxhcVoxTG5Gald2UVViNWNYY0JaRlR4bFhhcEJ6Y0tGM01zWmtUeFVETjZsWGJrTkZPTTkwWnhFa1VITmxldWRWVUgxVVptUlhkUDVVVXRKM1pVUm5Rd2hrUndSbFVqaFRVNjlHYmxabFV6ZEZiczFXTUNGalU2SkVidmNtZUJOSGNoUm1OM05UZXFORk1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic Bangla
http://?bjlHTVFCMWRJbG1SRE5sVjJCSGU1MUdXeGxqZXROamREaEZUaGQyZGtaMmRQdGlleUV6UWlsVk5xaERORkZFT1NaSE8xb1hjMDhHZVh4bVNFUmtjbmRXT1VWVlV0ZDJUbXRFVEhsamF0WnphUTlpU3haRFZ4b1hRdUYzVHN4bWR6cG1kTGwwS0ZKRGJyUnpUT0pXUTNWbmJ3UVRNWWx6Y2hGRGFWcEdlM1puVXlza1dRaDJkVWREUnhVRWU0TmtWNWRuYzFaalN4a21TU3hXTzU5Q1pwRjBicE5YUm1kV09vdGlaSlZsU2pOM1ZKUkdSeXRXYTVwa1M1VldTMXAwUkxsRk9TWjNOb1ZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://wpcdn.us-east-1.vip.tn-cloud.net/www.abccolumbia.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Dabl-Logo01-PinkGreen.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DABL
http://?blJFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWbWN6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSGRIVDNVbWVyQURjdWRFU3dCM01wWjFkMHdFTzFkSFQyQUZlMDgyY2pSMU5TZDFWbzlFVmtSMGFEZFhiVk5sUmFkbWRGZEVlVUpGWnQ5Q2N1ZG5iV3AyVUJCVlN4RkZkRUpFUlZ0Q2IzRjFNSkJGVXZwblZ2cFZOVHBXZFo1a1YyRkZTcXhFV3pwV08yMUdXakoxVnZjMGEza0hVRWxUYXJ0Q1Q2WkhTeGRtUkxCRk9TNWtkTTltVGw5R040aG1VNE5IVzJ4MkthbGtiRUoyYTBFblVLaDNkNXgwWms5V1ZpWkhaU2hsZW90a2JyRjJSU05GUzRaelpUZDJMamgyU3prRk5NZGtiQmhVWVdSamF4VldUTVpYVXRkMlN4MW1SemRUZFNoSE8zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/FYI%2C_logo.svg/1200px-FYI%2C_logo.svg.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FYI
http://?cVJFTjRjemJCbG5WNDkyVDZWV2J6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSEJIVDNVbWVyQXphdWRFU3dCM01xWjFkMHdFTzFkR1QyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWeDlFVmtSMGFESlhiVk5sUllWamRsTkZWMXdXUzFaVE93SVhaNTVtYTVSSFdTaFZhYU5ITnZoamVuQjFienBHYTFvWGJEaDJibU4wZHpJbGRMbGphNHBHVTVabk1rSjNjVUprTUtOa2NUZFRkU3hXZHRKMk5PWnphcjhHWnF0aVVKVkVhRmxVUlhSV2I2UnpUSmwxTHJ3R1Z5VUZVNW9GYjBsM04zc2lkMmQxS3R4V1NCTjNhd0ZuYU9WV2U2bEhWTVZXUjFwVlYxWjBLMkJYUXdsWFZ4RjNkWXhXZXZWRFc2OVdkbVZUTlUxMlJJZDFicmhVYkkxR2NCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/HGTV_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HGTV
http://?clJFTjRjemJCZG1WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSFZIVDNVbWVyQURjdWRFU3dCM014WjFkMHdFTzFGSFQyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWdzlFVmtSMGFEeFdiVk5sUlQxMGE1ZEZVQmRFYnNoMEttRmxNMEIzS1pwblVydEVlcUowUjVZV1duZFhiQ1ptVGtaM01LQkhTbEZEZGpkWGFMOVNab2hHTkNsa2RscFdaak4yYkVkamRuVkVha3gyTnRSRVRpbFdWVmRIZVVkM0tLaEdhSk5uVFBkM2F5WjFOMmwwTW1wM0x2QVhlaEJEYjVOa1l1Sm1Rb0JqZUNaVk91OW1OVkZqVXRCMWF1Vm5lT2hHV29KVFNTaG1VM2htTTZwVk5LcFZkbWRqV2FoVlYzZGpWc1JWV2pkR2JLaERid2dsY0NSa2MzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Home & Living
http://?b1JFTjRjemJCbG1WNDkyVDZWbWJ6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSGRIVDNVbWVyQURhdWRFU3dCM00yWjFkMHdFTzFoR1QyQUZlMDhtYmpSMU5TZDFWbzlFVmtSMGFEZFdiVk5sUm9WM2Q0RmtXdWhGWnk5Q1N5Um1UUWRHUlA1MmMxa0hlNWtIYnZJWFN6cDBkVjUwWnljMmJ5SVhiMnNDYklkblNhRlViMEZEVXloWFNyZzJkVVZrYXR4R2ExSjJkNUZrVjFwSFdIaDNaekFuY0hOelo1d21lQk5XZXpJVFF6RkVSb2RrYTJvWE9GOVdRS2x6WndZalZPbFRjcE5IT3dnMVlRbFdaMk1IYXh0aWQ0WVVhdEpXYnk1V1ozTjBOTFpuVHlaVmJxVkVjcllVV0Nwa1lvUkZOSEoyY1hsbVJQUkViUjkwYzRKVFRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/Living-foodz-logo.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Living Foodz
http://?d1JFTjRjemJCdG1WNDkyVDZWbWN6VVVaMWdEYnpkVmNocFVOSHBHVDNVbWVyQWpidWRFU3dCM000WjFkMHdFTzFKSFQyQUZlMDhHYmpSMU5TZDFWNDlFVmtSMGFEUlhiVk5sUkVKM2NsbHpWdzVHVXZWalozNTJhUzkyVHdFalV4TmthM2huUUo5V1F0ZFVkMG9VWXhzbVVoRjBZemczZFd0U05odFVRbkJYUjVRbGNYVkhWSGhGYXJwSGF0NUViUkpWZDF4a1JvbFdZVXBXVE1OWE9aZG1hRDFHVXVkbFo0dGlNSmRVU21GWGUzWkhPbWgwYndWWFpXUlRjeVJtYWtWR09zWm5SMXBXVVhOMGJDcDNhRnhFUzRCelF2UkVjM1pIY0hKbU5zRkVlVVpuVnpaa002eDJaSGRqVjRGSGRZaGpSNlZUYjNka2VuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/monarch-airlines-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Monarch TV
http://?blJFTjRjemJCbG5WNDkyVDZWR2J6VVVaMWdEYnBkVmNocFVOSHhHVDNVbWVyQWphdWRFU3dCM00wWjFkMHdFTzFOSFQyQUZlMDhHY2pSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFEeFdiVk5sUmFkVmIwVXpNejlFVXRsVFE0Y0hlNUZYYXg5bVZUQlRieGMwTkNSa1J1aEZXVmxrYTNCblN5a1ZhS3QyYXdoR01rQjNUdkpGVXFWWE11cFhPcVpWT3hJbWFrMTBOcmMzSzBsMFNLSldjalJuWXFsRlR3VVZlc2xGU0VsMU0wZHpTRXRXWTQ4bWNvZGpRaUZ6YjZGRFQ1WTNabmRuWmxaekx1MW1TRlJGYzE5Q2VLRjFVelluU3VWV1JCSlhhNXBXVHdVbWV6MGtiNWswTDVabWJ1dEdaeWNHZHFaSGFMVlVXeUlFZFZoRU4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/NatGeo_People_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", NatGeo People
http://?eVJFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWV2F6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSDVHVDNVbWVyQURkdWRFU3dCM012WjFkMHdFTzFGSFQyQUZlMDhtY2pSMU5TZDFWejlFVmtSMGFETlhiVk5sUkhObmJpUjJaTWxVTjFWald6UW1TeUZYZGxCSGVRdEdid1kwS0h0VVFxQnpObjVHV1lsblp6QUhSMGwxY3lRak5tVlVadFpHT3JRVWQyZDJUQzVtZFhOV2Q0QlZkQlZqVndKa2N6d2tTem8yUWk5bVE2RjBaTVpqUTBwV1V2TmpNNngwYlZOWFNINVdVME1IYXVka1ZyTjNMMmRVTUloVmNINVdWMkYyTGkxbWRpWkVkeWR6VXZoMFFyUldjUmRXUnYwa1RoUlRka3RtVXlZalUwaFdiMGhUYTRGM01PcFZWUkpXYzFWR1NSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.xumo.com/v1/providers/provider/140/300x300.png?type=color_onBlack" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", People TV
http://?eVJFTjRjemJCbG1WNDkyVDZWMlp6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSEZIVDNVbWVyQURidWRFU3dCM001WjFkMHdFTzFkSFQyQUZlMDhHYWpSMU5TZDFWcDlFVmtSMGFEaFhiVk5sUnR0Q2NycEVSUE5FVnpsMlFtWldhdHBXY3FaVmNRRm5hb3hVV1dwRlUycFVhU2huTXExV2F1TlhUSkpEYUpGSFdscDJidE5UVnJkM0xUZG1VWWREU2k5bWFGZG5TTXBGWnVGM1VudDJjWGxuWkZWV095Rnpjb0Z6VXFCVGEwaFZXTEZETks1bVE0SlRTSmRGZVFSa1RGbG5RdUYxTldGRE80MFdaS0JGYzZsR2JwVkVhdU5HT3gxV05RQjNTdmgzVnZFamMyd21kc1pIVVFwVmFySjBRWkJGY1R0R1RyRm5iRWgyYzFzQ09SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/TLC-Logo_2016.png/800px-TLC-Logo_2016.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TLC
http://?eVJFTjRjemJCaG1WNDkyVDZWMmJ6VVVaMWdEYnlkVmNocFVOSDFHVDNVbWVyQWpidWRFU3dCM00xWjFkMHdFTzFaSFQyQUZlMDgyY2pSMU5TZDFWNTlFVmtSMGFEaFdiVk5sUldSbWMzY0dkSlIyTHZaRWVaUkVSSXhHZG1OblFzbG5lU05rVGhoVFYxRjNkMklGT1ZSM1RpWlVld0pIZHVkR2FYbEdNc3AwTFJOMVU0ZG1TQmwwTTVKVGRxRnpRMWgwTHJGVmRRUjNidmgzY3djM1MyMWtjTEZtY2pkWGV2bEdTdnBFU1A5V00zbGtkeDRXYUZGRFdyVVdUMk5WUlVCVFo1bEhkakpXT3FWMFp6VUVUSGhsTnNaVU95SlRaMGRHUmFwSGU1Y3phdGRWV3Znak14QmpRWmxqUnVoblRCdHlLU3BrZDRnVFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngkey.com/png/detail/677-6773173_tmz-logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TMZ
http://?NlJFTjRjemJCaG1WNDkyVDZWMmJ6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSGRHVDNVbWVyQXphdWRFU3dCM002WjFkMHdFTzFCSFQyQUZlMDhXZWpSMU5TZDFWMzlFVmtSMGFEaFhiVk5sUnQxbWFNVmtNd3NTYTV4V1FJUlVUR2hIT0xWVmVqRlhkdE5YV1k5eVIwQkZaUFYwWjU4V2M2bDNLeGdFZDJSVlF0ZDFNeE5uVW9wSE93WkhhdUZVVDZWbWJVNWtTR3BXVnYxR1RJRjBid0FYZG5oRFNRRlVlbzFtVU8xVVQ0aG1iQkoxVkNKbmE0bFVkWFZWZEMxa1NQUkdPekoyVEJKekxqWlhlMHN5TjJnbGNvUkRWU3gwUTV4MEs2Wm5VRnBuTjZaVk1EVkdid05GV0NOM01xbDBSRGRIYUVWM2RqTmxVRGwxWnhaMlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/Travel_Channel_HD_Logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Travel TV
http://?cFJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWV2N6VVVaMWdEYnpkVmNocFVOSDVHVDNVbWVyQWpjdWRFU3dCM01uWjFkMHdFTzFkR1QyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWeTlFVmtSMGFEcFhiVk5sUjJGMmF5WTJacWgxS29wMUt2RTJVckpYZUlKV2FsRjNjNVUyTHJnbld6Sm1UelowVHh3R1dheFdicXR5YUtWVWEzRkhWdFozS1o5MFZ2VlhOaWREVU9wbWN3ZFdPdmgzWXZObWRzUjBUMGtIZFVGRmEyeFVhbWhsVmFoR1J1cG5RTlJHU3hOSE1QRldXQ2gxYlFWWGE0cDBWNHhtYjNVM1pNaEdNRkozVkt0bWJZZEVTdzQwYTBkR09tZFhPQkozUWFKRWNqRkhlMzFFYnlKVlN6MW1ieEVXWkROM2J3dzJVTWhFZHQ5VVpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i2.wp.com/actionsportsmusictv.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/XcorpsOPENgfx2.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Xcorps
http://?cVJFTjRjemJCaG1WNDkyVDZWR2R6VVVaMWdEYnNkVmNocFVOSGhHVDNVbWVyQURkdWRFU3dCM00wWjFkMHdFTzFKSFQyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWNTlFVmtSMGFENVdiVk5sUnQxR2FNVmtNd3NTYW54V1FJUlVURzVHT0xWVmVqRm5ldE5YV1k5eVJwQkZaUFYwWjV3V2M2bDNLeGcwYjJSVlF0ZDFNNU5uVW9wSE93cEdhdUZVVDZWbWVVNWtTR3BXVm8xR1RJRjBid1VYZG5oRFNRRkVjbzFtVU8xVVR1aG1iQkoxVkN0bWE0bFVkWFZWY0Mxa1NQUkdPNkoyVEJKekxqZFhlMHN5TjJnMVpvUkRWU3gwUXZ4MEs2Wm5VRlZuTjZaVk1EVjJad05GV0NOM01ubDBSRGRIYUVaM2RqTmxVRGwxWnhaMlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/Animax.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Animax
http://?blJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWR2F6VVVaMWdEYjRkVmNocFVOSFpIVDNVbWVyQXpadWRFU3dCM011WjFkMHdFTzF0R1QyQUZlMDhHYmpSMU5TZDFWNjlFVmtSMGFERlhiVk5sUnVkbWRCZFdXaGxUZTVGRE5ERlRiclozVE1kRFZFZERiVmxsZFZSVlF6OW1aeUJqZHZkR2NzbHpTeHhHYVBaMFN5VlVWNVJ6THN0aWQzeG1UNXBHV0dSWGV2c1VhNVVVVnFCblF3UlVTdmwzS2pWRGNuSlZhNE5EVHk5aVVzSkRUWGRFT3I5V1NxUjJMRHBGZW0xVVN0OVdTMkYwS3VoRGRMWjNTSTUwSzZGamJJTlRka1psYnhkV1R3aEdjU2QyTGxGR2M0SWtlMXN5YzVWblcyRmxVMEZEY1BOM1MyaFRNckJGYUdaVVNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/884675389859090432/ZZ_PwKWt.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", AniPlus
http://?elJFTjRjemJCOW1WNDkyVDZWR2R6VVVaMWdEYjNkVmNocFVOSEZIVDNVbWVyQXpjdWRFU3dCM000WjFkMHdFTzFkR1QyQUZlMDhHZGpSMU5TZDFWcDlFVmtSMGFETlhiVk5sUnJFRWNDbDJNQlp6TXdoV1Z2dzBZdGhtVlJ0MFpxQjNkb0pUWTVjRVQxMUdTaU5UUXFkSGFwQlZVMGdsYnZOV2RISnpOcHhrWU9oamR0ZFdiMWgxYXRoRWF5azFiSkprVTVKME54bGpjd29uUkVsSFYwaFZieWRUZEhOMlYySm1aVzltWWE1V05FSm1ZcTUwY1VKVllWVjJOM1ZuVzRoV1VEaFhNekpEYzNrRWRZTkhOMlExZHBsalN4NWtZSkJuVjNrVlpNWlZkd0IzU1VaWGV2bEZkaHBVTzB4Mkt3b1VZaHBIZENCVlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/41/Boomerang_tv_logo.png/758px-Boomerang_tv_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Boomerang
http://?dlJFTjRjemJCRm5WNDkyVDZWR2V6VVVaMWdEYjVkVmNocFVOSGhHVDNVbWVyQXpadWRFU3dCM000WjFkMHdFTzFsR1QyQUZlMDhXY2pSMU5TZDFWMDlFVmtSMGFEQlhiVk5sUkM1R2MyTVVZczEyVDVWV1E1ZEhWanRXYWFaRVN5TTFiTGxYU2pabGN5bFVSc2RGYUlwWE11eDJMMGhHYnBobmV6Z0RjbkYxWjJrMFp4Rm5RT2htZVBkVGJqZEhTVjFHVW5WbFUyQWxhdWhuVXJaRE5KVmtjQlZUVU1SVVJ3TnpTdGwyTDJCWFJzQlhPTUpUZGtaMllFWjNMMlZXVDFSMVl5aG5heDVVUVhOVmR3OVdldHAxUzNSbFFaaEhlcXhXU1JCM1ZZTlZhTGhtYldWV2VxcEVUdnBHT0U1V05oMTJaUlpEZXY5MlVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/CARTOON_NETWORK_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cartoon Network
http://?dVJFTjRjemJCbG5WNDkyVDZWMlp6VVVaMWdEYnlkVmNocFVOSDlHVDNVbWVyQWpkdWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzFkSFQyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWNjlFVmtSMGFEbFdiVk5sUnBkSGRhVkhWUnQwVHNOR2VhWkVUbjFXV1VOMlI1WW1kRzEwU2FoMGNyTmpZR0JIVUJ0R2N6aFdhMU0zYmpObGUwUjBjbkIxU0g5a1RabFdjellGUzFwbWIza1hhMmtrWjRka1k1aEZUeTAyZDVwbVprSnpiM2syZENwM1RzcDNMWGxUWkhaWFlObFVVM05WZG1SemFJOVNRdEZsWnpSVFM0ZzNZUTVHVUZWemJJWkVWamx6YnZaRWRDdFViejhtVDVnRVp2UTBkcGgwYXljbE4zNUVaV2hFTk9obmRsaDBhSUpYYldGMGFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/1/16/CBeebies.svg/1280px-CBeebies.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cbeebies
http://?MlJFTjRjemJCcG5WNDkyVDZWR2R6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSGxIVDNVbWVyQWpidWRFU3dCM01yWjFkMHdFTzFwSFQyQUZlMDhHYmpSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFETlhiVk5sUlJwWGR6Y2xaVngyTG9wbFdURlZWdEJIYnU1bU1qRkVhelEwTU14VWV1MUdaVkpEVXhwV01XcGtOVjUwYmhoRE91UkhONHBVVTJZMVNoZG5OSTFVVzRvVmRGVmxZeThHVG5GVVo1bEVTbFpIU1M5R1czMTJiUWwzUWtSWFN2VkRSM1lYYUJwWFk0VlVZNFlsZXpkbU5sVlVXd0ZEYjZWVWMycEhONGhuZUpaamV2TWpVaVJrVDBkRFZCSjBMVDkyTnJGelFySlRlVU4yUU5KMmN1aEhSVUYzUU5OblRDdEdOUDFHYXZWVGVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Disney_Channel_Germany_Logo_2014.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Channel
http://?NVJFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSEZIVDNVbWVyQXpjdWRFU3dCM01yWjFkMHdFTzFsSFQyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWNDlFVmtSMGFEaFdiVk5sUmlsRGVSbDNicklWTnFCM2Q2cEVVckVYZDBoSGJTTkhiNnRpUnFOalV4dEVTekkwZEVoMlpHbFhRbzlHZTBrMVZhVkZadlJVYXg5U2NoaFdSMmhEU1NWV2V6WjFZdzBXVTVaMU0xazNOWWRuY0dKRmFyOWtjRmQwTGpSalFzUlhjeEpIVDRjR09CUjNZWmRWYU9CMWI0Y21lbmgxZHhzbVF4b25aMXBuVVFWemJKbG1aSWQzY3JGRVZseEVXUVYzVXRkRE5pWkRhM2xYUnhrMUt6NW1UVUYxTmwxV2RuTkdkSU5UZFRoVmRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.cartoonbrew.com/wp-content/uploads/20100604112357disney_junior.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Junior
http://?MFJFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYjVkVmNocFVOSDFHVDNVbWVyQXpidWRFU3dCM01yWjFkMHdFTzFSSFQyQUZlMDhXY2pSMU5TZDFWdzlFVmtSMGFEZFhiVk5sUjBobmN5WmplcWxrUXJwVmNtUjNTNUUzUVRSbU15UkVkaXgwTFhkR2R4cEdWeEluYm5oMksydEdiMWxFYXc0RWNFSlRNd3gyYVdKRFZ4VlhlUlJGWkRsbGRVaFZNNE56THpoV1o2bGtXQkJuYTZkbFNCZFdjTVZrWlBwbU1xRkhkcjhpVjJsWFRQQmxiejRHYU9wVmFXTkRTeGRWVlhwSE1TRkhXamQxTHFkemRoRnpLeVozWXlSRE4wdEVVSGRHTzVKbU1hTjBiTk5qV3pWbFF2aEZiRlpIVjVnMlpyTmtOVjlrYjRwV2NCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/-Vas4UzOl0KE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/_fWZBwq0qnA/s900-c-k-no-mo-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Kids Channel
http://?NFJFTjRjemJCNW1WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSGhIVDNVbWVyQVRhdWRFU3dCM001WjFkMHdFTzFaSFQyQUZlMDhXYmpSMU5TZDFWczlFVmtSMGFEOVdiVk5sUjFNMFowY3pTT0ZqVHJOblR4WTBSM1FuWjFFa2N5TjFidkFuVHhkMWIzUkdVeWNHVVdwV1Q0MGtOSEJqZEZkalY0VURic2RWZFhwbll4SjNaVlJFZXpKemFVaG1NMWhGZDJKR2M1TmxXU3BYU1h0V1VrbEZjSGgwUUtkM012Vkhaa0pIU3JjbU1yWUdORWRIZWpoVE14UkdiNTFFVzJWamFVOVdXdlFYTjZWMWFWOUVlcUZWT3N4V09DOTBVV1pYY1NkVVZyWmxhbzFVYzBoM0swdG1XT3hVVTFoM1Y0RnpZSEZuYWtCVmVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/10/Nick.svg/1280px-Nick.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Nick
http://?b1JFTjRjemJCUm5WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSGRIVDNVbWVyQWphdWRFU3dCM010WjFkMHdFTzFwR1QyQUZlMDgyY2pSMU5TZDFWdzlFVmtSMGFEcFhiVk5sUklSbWRCbFRjeE5GTXRWM2NvMVdWREpuU1lGVU8zOFVkRlpVVEN0R2QyVkZPaGxsU1VOWGVNcDJid2hIYXlKRVQyY1VRMmxIT3dFRlNzUjNUelltVEVwSGRONVVTeTVFVDBsWFZrWlhPcmtuYTFrVmRVaERkTlpWUzJFWE54aG1hbzEwTk5KblN0SlRTeEZIYXJNektzVkZadkpWVXF0aWFoSjNOWVYxYTNZVWVPZFVhb0ozTTZSMlZHUkVVYUZYZVJwMVZxZFdhVGRtWm4xMmE1TldWMzBrZVJoSFJ4d2tWbTlrZW5wSFRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.vhv.rs/dpng/d/461-4612823_sony-yay-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Sony Yay
http://?eFJFTjRjemJCWm5WNDkyVDZWR2N6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSEpIVDNVbWVyQVRldWRFU3dCM000WjFkMHdFTzFwR1QyQUZlMDhXYWpSMU5TZDFWejlFVmtSMGFEaFdiVk5sUnlVWGF4RUhPdmwzVHVoV1pqTlRZS2gzTkUxa1ZtWjBiTDFVY214MGR1VldkakZUYzRnSFoyOG1hUGxGZVNaak1JdDJVbzFVVU9WbVl0UjNUdlVuTU5aSGVocEdOSVYyY3BoVE1heFdZMDltV3ZKalZtcGxieTFHVTFaekwwaGtlR1ZWU3Z3Mloyc1VNdnhXZUp0aWVMUm1WekpsUzFvWGV0ZFdWNUozVEl0V2NrOXljVGxYTXdkVVRHSlZaVjlHY2tKRGQwa1RhdmdIT0lsVldyTmtSdlpFYXQ1MlVaNWtZdVZEYUtsRlczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.terrorism-info.org.il/data/articles/Art_18131/hamas_099_3.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Aqsa TV
http://?MVJVU3JZSGIzc1dZMFFtWU5kbGF5VlVRa2x6TDJaRU94TmxlUHRtWW9kMGIwTjJicmNsZEZWbWQ2UlRNeGtWVTVrSE1XQnpNMmQwWnJJbFlDaFRkdHRXUjNJM01xaFdaREJsUU5GM1pRSm5iSmRsY3dKMlJHZDNVQ3BIYUNWSGNrQjFaNTUyVnpValN5MVdRUkpHY2FKM2NOTjJLVFpYYXc5MllvWjNWb2wxVFMxMEtqaDJUejlpTlpaemRETjBZd0JEYXZsRU9vVmxUeG9tUzBnalpYcFZjVmxIYUxsbGMzcFdTSVZVVUkxV2V3b0dWQ0YzZElGSFZMSjFLd1YzVHRCVlVDSm5UbXhXVER4RWVvTkhheUpVUnVoa2NzSlZNV3BIWlhWRVRDaEZhcE5sZFpWbFN4TlVkVmxuTTY1MlU2RkVNbDl5YnNSamNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.iptvmate.net/5e933b41b3bdf92f6965c700.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Istiqama TV
http://?MGRYUlhsVFQxaEhWYU5uZExKVGR0Um5OcWRrZTZwRVpyUUZUYTEyUWlKMGIwUm5jRjlTYm1SVk11aERUemhtVnJJblZ6cFVRUkoxYUJSR2FPRldZeU5sYm5obk0xQVhSUkZUYUI1bWN2SUZjMklVY3ZKbE5uUmtXRmgzTWxGRmRNVjBjb0ozTFZKRmVyOWlNNHNDUjNOSFNKaDJieU0wYjNZM1JNTjNUNU4zWmtSV095b25iUGgyUjB4bWU1dG1TRDUyTW9kMVI0RlZiNDBtYUdoRE9OTmpjV2RFZDZOelJ2VlZiTmxsVmo1R1dUUmxadUZtYlJoSGNCSm5VNlYzWVBSR2VEVm5XR0pFYkg1a2R6UlZNVUpHZXhGak5YUlViem9IVzQ5R2NvQmxkMkZYV2o5VWN5NVdVbmQzTDJoSE5xbGpOM0VrYVh4a1lCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-wesal-tv.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Wesal TV
http://?ck5EVnJsamFRbEdXSE5XVU01RWJKRmtTRU5uUXNSRGM0bDNOaXBIT3ZWa1NrSmphaGhrU3ZBVFF4cFdlMTAwUnVoSGVGRjBTd28yWnhCSFYwSWthcGRXZE5kM2FzeFdRcncyTTNnVmF3SUhjMmRHTXhwbGJCVlRZRmRYU3VGRE9hUkRlM1ZXT0tSMFIwUjNMVWxqU3V4MlRrTmpNTkpqZElSVFk1WVRkeVpUYUQ1VWVhZG5jWHAzZHhZM2RJaHpaMFFqTjZWMEtHWm5jQ04zVTFnMFQ1TWtlNVVEYm9wWFN3QjFONk5IVEhwWFE0cDFObEpEY3BoSGFtWjJhc3BWWVBkbk1oMVdURXRXZU9oa2JKaDNRdkJUYnNaMVMyazJNanAyUmhSV01rdDBac0pXTnBKRFR1RmtheTBtTkdwV1NtcDBjcUZuZTVKM1YzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/20/1-2002112204140-L.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bahrain Quran TV
http://?NFZGYlJKR1cydG1ReUpYVFloRmUxUVZlNkZET3pkV04ySkZNWXAyVUhOM1lZcDBiMHdFU2w5bVk0ZFdNM3AxYXI1bU5YRjBjNWtsZTBNMVREcEdiMVZWTnVaVFQ2eEdXc1pVVnpCVGRobGpOMVkyUndkRE5qaFhXbTlHV0U5RU40VkRid1lHZTNaalNybDNVS1JEVzNZSGEwZ1VUbDlHY1FGVFJNVkVOMWhWTXdVVlV0cG1ielZUUllOMGRhRlVVemRqYnNwM1ZzVjNkUVZuU1FaVmE0SjFjM1VXZXZoa1J4dDJTU0IzWlNWM1ZDQmxNMklrZU05bWRHNW1UMUZWTnI4a1l1bFhPalpUUXhzVWJycG5jYVJYTW5SRlJpaEViTnBYTTI4RWVvQkhkcnNXT2hoalNubFVSa1JIY3RaM1U2Rm1SdnBIZXFOblJDaG5UMVZrUWtSV1paOUdPMlFVT3JFbGJFdFNlcDltUjVSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/j7a8hcd.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bible Explorations
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.vimeocdn.com/portrait/5136072_640x640" group-title="Religious Channel", Hadi TV 1
http://?NUZUYTRobFFWcFhOQ0ZtWTRZemRMaDJWVzlpZDNkMGI0RTBUSGxtY29GMGNLWnpiUXRrYXNabGQ0VmtTMGdYVUNCSE9hWm1SUlZUYXRaMVN0UlVNNVoxTDVsR1JPNVdTVkJuZHZGVmQ1UVdaMVVuUjROV1RDWjJOV05IYjFObVR4cFhiSTVtUnhaVWNyQjFMRU5GVmhobVpabFhWSXhVYXZrR08xSldNMHBsYVFaa1RWbDJTU2RHVXpGMWJIeGtlS1pGU3BkMmJRQnpaUmhHVENWRlZvaEZkb1JXTzVwR1YzbEZhUWRIVzNvV1ZNaDBOdVIwYVlsV2R0cDBkeTVrV3BWVFp4RUhaNGdsYlZ0MGJvZGxSMHBWYXYxMlZTbGphV2hYT1JSRGV0VkZlVWRrZHZWVmNzVjNheHN5Y281MlNWOUVVbWRHZTNJMVRGcDNaNFpFY2lOMll1cFhWYXBYVnJJMWJIWkdaMGxYV3NoVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iipccanada.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/iipc_origin.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", IIPC TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?NU5HTzBCM1VSQjNVbWhEYXlwRmJtaFVjR3RHWnZablFNWm1NRkJuUnBsbmNFSjJaWFpHVE1oVlNxbHpZNnRTWVBGWFVSdHlTMWxtZGpOVlR5SWxZcUYxYXJwV2MwaG1WbFZtWkJka2FwRlRjU0pIYXBSalZFRjFZMkYzY2loMExEWkVhUkpqYllGbFo1VlhTdnhHTzRnSFZ2RkhjT0pVYm45bVZRUjBhd1ZHV3hSVFRGQm5VRXRVYlNKV2V3dFNUdGhYWXVoVWFQRjFiM3dXTjRGME1TNWthb0YzZDRKMmE1SmxlNGRHV3BCM0xNSkdaa0ZqYWhoVWJyUTNidWhqUTJCVFN6NEdiak5HUzBzaWEyOENjRmQyYTNGalc0VjFOSGhIYUZkblRUeDBjMXBXTU1sMVo2aGxRaHBtVlo5V2VsdDBiQ0psZFBKVFRPNTJVMU5VWktkMFFoRm5jNXhXWXlGMGF2TUZOdkZXT3lkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Makkah TV
http://?NUowTHUxVVVROW1XQmhEYjRWMmRXUkZlRUZIVHZ4R2J5RVVTdmtYWnB4MlRQQkZiNE1tUUI1R1N4QlRNendHVXlSSGJqVkVUNThTY0Q5VWJ4cG1TNVpqWU1wbVpJOVdRdWxVT3A1R2NWcFhWMUUzVm5kbVpFRmpZbnRHVEhGVGRybDFaeW8wTFRsalZxVkRPMnBtYWpkR1p5Y0ZkaTl5ZGtKbE41Vm5WM0ptVkpWaldQRlhiM1ZWYlV0V2J6Y1dVR05VUndsbFVNeEVad3dHYUxKbWF3Y3picTFrYWtKbFExWldUUVZtZHBwbVEyUVZTMmtrY0poemQ0Vm1SdDFVZWlWa1V6RTNTSVJtUnNGMGNzOVdld1YzYXZ4MlNXcEZUd0kzS0Naa1l2cFVib2xHY1Yxa1ZxWkdhMGhUYXgxR08ycFhZclYwYkoxa00zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 English
http://?NHAxTHZFMVJvOTJkWnRXT2hoVmNaaGxhNVkxZHZoVllhUlRRR3RXUnhGV1NOTkdlTHhFVEhWVU1zdFNicVJqTnV0R1JWNVVZRjVVZExaWFlZUnpUcEpHVExkMktKOUdTb1JFVGFsRWJtTmpZaFJEYnY5MlZIZFVTTHRXV1JORlNUVmthemhETlNWemR4TmxVdWxYYUVsWFlRWm1acjBFYzNZMmRUQkhTcnRpWUJCVmJ4Z0diSkZFYlVCMWJzOW1ScE4xTnlWR1owSjJWMHBHVUxobGN6QkhjalZITU5sVmJ3TjJZeG9uVDF0bVpvWnpaaFJuYjBvSGNrUjBacHQwTk9wbFp5ZEdXTmRHT0s5eWJ3NG1Rd3MwTnRWWFZGWkZXd2czWkJGRU1SWmxhdll6S1RsWGMySnpRdEJUUXVwR1R5UlZkc1JIYzBnbllsRkdXcWhqVFFaM2M0MEdWekpIT0NaR2V1QjNOenNDVndOWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b3nn216.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 Urdu
http://?NXAxTHZFMVJvcDJkWnRXT2hoMWRaaGxhNVkxZDFoVllhUlRRR1pYUnhGV1NOTm1jTHhFVEhWVU0wdFNicVJqTnVwV1FQaFZZc05rZXdJWGQ1aHphc05XYnpFR1pOUm5RMUFIU2kxV2VKcGxNR2RGTzZWR1I2QkZSU3BuV0p4bWN3Y0ZhMFVrTXJSMlUzSkVVWEZFVldoR1JESlVXWlIyYmx4MFRxRjBWd2gwVXg1MktIcFdTeVpIWnNkVWFWSlVjMkkyYTMxRVNGZGxjd3BYY1ZoM1RXTlVheE1HTXh3bVV3cEZWWkJ6SzNkR1ZHbDBTaU5IYlNsRFoxb1VZcGhrUWxsVmM1a1dUbFZHTk9oV2VaQm5XV2h6WXlWbFpVcG5SRmhuU3ZNRGM0b1hjMGRrVmhOM1MyaDFReGhGTURkblZXdDJSeUlXYnpZRE1oaDNjMGxWVTJSbmJ3eFdiMlZuUTFvMmJ5ZzFVSVpYTXJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/Abc-news-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", ABC News
http://?cVJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWV2N6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSE5IVDNVbWVyQXpkdWRFU3dCM002WjFkMHdFTzFkSFQyQUZlMDgyY2pSMU5TZDFWNTlFVmtSMGFEbFdiVk5sUlB4a2JZVm5RbGhEVDNGRVdoUkVic0JuV0dsVFpORjNjTTVtYmFwMVJzSjFidVpsUnBsWE80a0ZiM1lqYWFSVFpDdFNjb2xIVFBkbmE1SkhObzkwTFR0eWE1VVdVcEpUZXBoVlVpZEhNdmRXUUc5RWVLTlhiaUpuZXdFMVpvaFZZME1sYXF4MmQwUjJVSVYwYXpvV1pvWjNWeWxFYWFKbVRoOTJZTmhFY0x0bWVXcFhWU05uV3dkMFJXdFVXeXRtWVhobWJKZEdheXNTVDNBVlF5NVdSR1pFTzM0V1d3WkdlQ2hEZTFRbFIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Mxm77nQ.png" group-title="International News Channel", Al Jazeera
http://?clJFTjRjemJCSm5WNDkyVDZWMlp6VVVaMWdEYjRkVmNocFVOSHhHVDNVbWVyQXpidWRFU3dCM01wWjFkMHdFTzFaSFQ1TUhNclowYzNrRGRacG5jdEJqU0RWMGJPcFdRVmRVV0g1R2N6ZzBhU1pWVTZoR1R2VVVOdFJYVzVWRWV5NVVlVWwxVUdobmF0aDBkeTRHT3BsMlVobDBZMndXY3lFVFY0UjBkcUZYT050VVFacDJkeE5EV2pObmVwcFhZNDlTVjF0ME12WXpkc2xuZVQ1V2N3Y3piS0ZVZWtOWFJ6UmpRQlZXTnY1R1dqUmtkeWhsZG1oak1qNUdhNVpYWkI5RVNScFdOTDEyYzJWVmJWWlViUnhrTnRSMkt1aFhNMWtHVVRKSFdaaG5jVVpFZEdwVmE1NVdWS2xsVXIxMktMSjBMSHRHYjR0MlQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UxBVq6Z.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC News
http://?clJFTjRjemJCcG5WNDkyVDZWbWR6VVVaMWdEYndkVmNocFVOSDFHVDNVbWVyQXpidWRFU3dCM010WjFkMHdFTzFCSFQyQUZlMDhXY2pSMU5TZDFWMzlFVmtSMGFENVdiVk5sUm5abWNvVm1lb3RpUXNoV2JYTmthaTEyZFZWRU9uaGxkNVExYjZkMU11cGxkbzltTXpVblEzMDJUMlpsYXZnV2J3cEhacDFVZHJsVlJ2NVdOaDVrWXVoRmJRUkhNSXAyUXZsMkt0VmthR0puUlJ4a1l4czBiM0ZuVDFzVVN2RmxZNWNFTllsV1Y0aGtSakZ6YlVoVFFhTkVTcVZYWU9oMkt5MUdicDkwY045eWJZeFVkdzh5YXZCRmVTRnpOb1JYYTFoRGNVZG1iVmhuY0w5eU5zbDJSV2RXY0xWM1FPUmpUeGQwZHZoMGNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/198-1985267_bbc-two-square-less-logo-bbc-2-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC Two
http://?dVJFTjRjemJCbG1WNDkyVDZWMmJ6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSDFHVDNVbWVyQURldWRFU3dCM014WjFkMHdFTzFaSFQ1TUhNclprZDNrRGRacG5jdUJqU0RWMGJPMVdRVmRVV3lkMFozNDBRUmwyVnJKVlRwSlRiV3htWVBWWFZENWtjMElXTlNsa1IyUldORlIyUWt0V2VaRkdXajFXYU90eVkxdzBSejVXVk54RVppeG1OV0ZWTXpVR2VyVkhTb1ZHV29OMk0wSnpRaWQzSzEwMlNJMVVjRmRsVVBaMGR0OWtkTE5HWkJCWE40VkhkRmR6YkR4MlJaQlRleUJYVjVwVmFXZEhVUTlFVXlvR2JaTm1OdUJqZXhsalkxaG1UMGdHYzV4MFREUlVieFlrTXZKRWM0WjFOVUZFTUxoM1EySUZUbE5rYXo4bVZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/CGTN.png" group-title="International News Channel", CGTN
http://?MlJFTjRjemJCQm5WNDkyVDZWR2V6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSEpIVDNVbWVyQXpadWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzFoR1QyQUZlMDhtYmpSMU5TZDFWcDlFVmtSMGFEcFhiVk5sUklaVWJhUnpkdmhrY29ObFZWaERlNmRYVEY5VWFZbEdiNlpXVnh3bVF0aEZTUHgyTTB0R2VWZERlV2hsYjRjbFJ3bFVTdXBHT2tsVmU0a1dNbVpXYkhSRWUxUW1hak5UY3FoWFIyWkZPWmRHYzJ0eWRya1dkeVExYTBWMlZyMW1kVlZHTkRoV1V5aEhXWGx6YTBNV01MWmpTNmxUV0xSV1dNTlhRVlJsYVE1bWJ5cFVZQ1IyVHhGMktadDBURmxHYXBaR09yNDJac3BsU2l0RWMzUjJOVmRUV1FkMmNFcFZTVkYyYjVZMWRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/CNBC_logo.svg/701px-CNBC_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNBC
http://?MVJFTjRjemJCZG5WNDkyVDZWV2N6VVVaMWdEYjVkVmNocFVOSDFHVDNVbWVyQXpidWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzFWSFQyQUZlMDhXY2pSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFEaFdiVk5sUkJObmNudEVWc2xuU3dCRE80Z1dOSWxuU3dWbVdTUkVlckpsY0x4MGN4WkRPM1l6YzE5R05ISlZVVmxIZDFkemF5OTJNd2hGU3pNbGVxZFhTbHAzUzROWGJMRlRNMVpuVjZSRVpXbFVVSTFXT09sMVR3Z21keTRtZTJJMkt3WnphVlJGVW0xV1U2QlRRYVJGYUxkVVFYTkdhdlpYWXlWVWNVcFhVb05qVXdGR2JhRkhVWFZXWXdsbU5YTjJjd2hXUnpGblJIUlRhRE5XTTJ4V1M0TkdSWFpFYmg1MllxcDNhMUowY0t4VVlSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/cnn-1-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNN
http://?clJFTjRjemJCZG5WNDkyVDZWbWJ6VVVaMWdEYnlkVmNocFVOSDVHVDNVbWVyQXphdWRFU3dCM010WjFkMHdFTzF4R1QyQUZlMDhHY2pSMU5TZDFWMjlFVmtSMGFEZFdiVk5sUjJWbWF1OWlheWdUT3RSVVZUTkRkRGhtYndrVFUyUmtjVWwyVm9WWFFwVjJSRlJsVkpwR05UVmpjcWxqZDVGRGVtQnpicmRWU0dOblJ2QlhUVFJGT3d3VWRzbFdlS1ZUU3Zabk1XdFVTbjlHTTRVRE1OWkhjWGhtV25WMU56SkZNd2hHU3dRSGJyOVNNNnAyWjRVSE1ZQjNRNE5qVXJWMFVPQjNMeDAyWkJabGF1dFVkTVZEWnROalRWeFdUSlpIU3dSVFFOTlRkNUpYYm90VVY0bGxTaHBtYVBKWFlTRjNVcEJuZUJkR2FCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vectorlogoseek.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/euronews-vector-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Euronews
http://?elJFTjRjemJCbG1WNDkyVDZWR2R6VVVaMWdEYnZkVmNocFVOSGxIVDNVbWVyQURjdWRFU3dCM01uWjFkMHdFTzFoSFQyQUZlMDhHZWpSMU5TZDFWdDlFVmtSMGFEUlhiVk5sUlp4bWVKNVVkSHR5UXVKRGFRUlVNSzlXVnlWR1VoSkhhb2QxWkkxMFM1cFdjYVYwTTNjR2U2cFdjbUpVZHRabmF5RkRacEYyYzVOamF2Z21jUDFXZVdWR2FQTnpMakZUVTNaVE1ueFdXaUozVFZoVE95bFZhNTBtTVk5VU0xbFdXUVZXVVBSWFQ0TkZaV0oyWlc5RVROSjNWdGhrVDVrV2NJUm5SM056S0s5MmMyRTFiNXBWWjVsemRuNUVWdk4zS1FOemFLQkhlM1kwTFROWGRybFdXNVpuTlVSSFZ0Tm5RTHBGY3hJRFozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/o/6/6554.1489225299.png" group-title="International News Channel", Fox Sports News
http://?c1JFTjRjemJCZG1WNDkyVDZWbWN6VVVaMWdEYjBkVmNocFVOSHhHVDNVbWVyQXphdWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzFSSFQyQUZlMDgyWmpSMU5TZDFWdjlFVmtSMGFEbFdiVk5sUkdkR2VVVlVkdEZGZTNOV01yZ2xleGtHVXljSE16Y2pkeHBHTUZCM2R5NVVNc1JHYjBNSFNRQlZVVEJIY1I5RVNNUm1Wb1YyYkxkWFRMTjNONTlHUnhwWGJyc2tNb3gwZDZKRVZDbDNaT0ZYYVBKSE4zdDBjR1ZFUlJWa2MxZEVPT05IYVBOM1NwRldVdkFsYktCM1FzQmpZMkpWU05wV2NFaEdOeEZET1VOMGFESmxOeWNGVDFoRVNrSnpNcGRuZXJ0RVpGbGpkeDgyUlpWblR2TmpidkZYYU1OWFlvSmxRT0ZUY3VsWFczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/NDTV_247.svg/250px-NDTV_247.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV
http://?clJFTjRjemJCRm5WNDkyVDZWMmF6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSHRHVDNVbWVyQURhdWRFU3dCM001WjFkMHdFTzFSSFQ1TUhNclprYTNrRGRacG5jNUJqU0RWMGJPbFdRVmRVVzVwV2VOWmtVWTVtVjN4MkxMcEdia3RXWlN4RWVKcG1jRWgxYVR4RVN0RmpaUUpIYXlVbmNURlVNR2gzZHFGMU4wRUdjeVZVZVdkWE1YZFhaalZsTWh4bWJIeEVTenhXU3pWV01wTmxhU3gyUzFWelFRNVdkcVp6WmxKalRveFViT1JHYkw1R05UZEdjaEJ6WnRKelM0VlRSNWRHTU9sSE5EOVdhWnBuYWFSRGNsMW1aRE5HVW9ORlpJVmxNbXBHZVpKVWJaWm1iMFFtVHRSek5zTkhhVkpHVG4xMk10TkZSUTVtYzNNemNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/NHK_World.svg/1200px-NHK_World.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NHKWorld Japan
http://?NFJFTjRjemJCbG1WNDkyVDZWbWN6VVVaMWdEYm9kVmNocFVOSFpIVDNVbWVyQVRjdWRFU3dCM01yWjFkMHdFTzFwR1QyQUZlMDhtZGpSMU5TZDFWNTlFVmtSMGFESlhiVk5sUlBGSGNsOTBSVnBFZDNGMlNIOVVlNWNYT09OMVlORkViemxsZUVKV2ExUkhkaWQyTmp4bVNQRkVVS05HZTFJRVo1bEVWM0pHZDRSRGVOZFdVNFptWm1SemMwQXpWRWRFYXRsamMzSm1ObU4zTWpaR1NOVkViMkJITk10V2VxNTBLV0pFT3BkbVJrbG1UbGhHYUZORE5IZDJkbmhIV0RSelVyOG1NdGRUTndGVWNXaGtialJYVG5KR1Q2VnpZc2RtWVhwWFNqZERjSnBsTnJZbFF0bDJhWXAzTXdwM2E1Y1ZlWGRUY1A1a1JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://static.epg.best/uk/SkyNews.uk.png" group-title="International News Channel", Skynews
http://?cVJFTjRjemJCcG5WNDkyVDZWR2R6VVVaMWdEYjVkVmNocFVOSFZIVDNVbWVyQVRjdWRFU3dCM000WjFkMHdFTzExR1Q1TUhNclpFYzNrRGRacG5jNkJqU0RWMGJPUlhRVmRVV3hJbmVvaFdhckV6VnpkMk5RaFVhYVJIVUdka2FVUlhjckFUU0VOVFNwdFNkelUxZHk5V2J0UlhTT1JVYlFGemJwdFVZcnRtZFNWRFNqQlhjMmxXUzNZbGF0dDBRU0pUTzBwblNVTlRaemczS3BwM1N6cGtkRWRtUWFORlY0eFVTaXhtVWw5bU1GQkZXeEIxWjFsVFpScEhSd3BsVEhGVE1zRm5hMncyWjQxbWJQcFZSUXRDUng1R001b21RWGxHT1VoRmJDVjBaNUp6YXpFbFRvUjNiVlpuVERkMk1JaGxkS0JGYjZkamVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/VOA_logo1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Voice of America
http://?eVJFTjRjemJCMW1WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYnpkVmNocFVOSHBHVDNVbWVyQVRjdWRFU3dCM01uWjFkMHdFTzFWSFQyQUZlMDhHYWpSMU5TZDFWdTlFVmtSMGFETlhiVk5sUktsV2M0UlZSNkJGZG9CM2FEbG1OMzBXTzAwMlFMRkRkMlp6UnNoVE0xTjNVQnBIZGkxV1dZZFZkMmdIYmhGalFqWjNNdngyYXNWMExRaEdNalJsVzBNV2MxSWtST3RVTTRWbldEWmpOdkVuZTFOelZ5d0dkNWtFZXJjalV2Sm5XaUoxVEpabmRQZFhhMGdHYXJSVGE1dGlOd2RWVDRZell2cG1RNUlEWkhKelpDbG5ZMFIyWjVOVFRIVmxTSmxXUVZoVFJLTlVid3BITkxWMFY0QmpabmxsUXc5V1R6WkVTU1ZFZDRZRGQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/857130996499722241/n1sI-sPl.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 7 S Music
http://?dHQwTVZ4MFl5eDJkdHhHT3Q1RWIyWVdiMmNIV3IxbVNSSkRiaTVXVnVkVVEwRWpiU1IyUm5OMlQ0QnpWdFpFUlQxV1R6dG1VNElqZURaV2J4QWpSNDlrYzU4V1JNZG5VelFtZURSVmVhRnpWNlZHU3Rsa1ZKOUdiNjVtVXc5MlI2UkZhMjFVV05Gak0yRjBSMUVFYzFBWFdONTJMb2xHYW9aRFpobGtXcUZWVnBGa2VyVUhXdlprWkQ1a2JZNWtUUHRTUTRabGU0SUdaUzVtZTNsVE1IVm5kMkVXU250RVR2SkRSWXhVVFNoSFdZZFhjTXAxYnRSVVJyRVRaMVZuVWFkMlQxRW5aWUYwUVFGemRoUlhkS3QyYndSMkwyMTBjMjRHU3ZOV2VyTUZlVGhGYUxOemN3ZDJieWdUV2gxbVN3TmphM0ZWYjNGbU5EWjJhNEJuVndWMExHRlhkaDkwVWF4V2NGaDJZeWwxUnVOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://n7.nextpng.com/sticker-png/58/527/sticker-png-pakistan-8xm-television-channel-streaming-media-non-stop-miscellaneous-television-text-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", 8XM
http://?PWNtU3pBbFRERlRkdzhtTk1GamJ6TmtNMWNYTkdwV2JXaGpNTVoxZDJoR1c0MTJWNFZETTFRMlJCTkhNUHRVY3dRVWEzWkRiU3BYV3ZoRmRRQkRWMGdYYXJRM0t4VkZhbXRpUjJzMk52ZDFMd0ZtYWhsbVZEWldNNU1UY1RGMWRWUjJkMk4zTHdjMGNMeEdiTFoxVEsxa2NJOXlTQ3QyYXNaVlNxZGpkekpITlVkR2UxZ0dhTEZsVTQ0RVU1bDNSRFIyS1p0R1VxOWtXU3RDY29GalV2MWtab0pXZUJKVFRMNTJhdEpVYzF0Q2RhSlhiMkVtU3JsRWFabFhPaXBXZDRJMFphTm5icnQyVk5kbld4VjNhd1UyS3ZWM1FFRnpadmxIYnlWbmJyTW1O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa
http://?ekpXTWpSVVdpOTJaeXNHYjVVVmNNeG1TeXcwWnFsRGRucGtUMFIzTnJOR1N5Rm5keklHYnlFRFUxSm5NeWxVU0dkR2E1VlRiRUpIY3RWelVVaHpab3AwZFQ5MFJpSjNhdDkwTjQwVWFDZEVidmQyTHBGbVR0SkZaR1ozU1NKVWN2cGxiT05qVXJwa1NycDJZb0pWYnBOM1NtZDNjeWRIZURORFZsbDBWdkZHT3pwVVZTWlhUelEwYnpNMWJNcEVUd3RTYnlKVVVyUlVOMW9IVXZnRmVYVjFaUHBYV3ZzbVk0WmtWYVJtWXQ1bWV4OUNXd01sZUlGRWN2TlRNenR5YXBwRldLOW1UeEF6YUdOV2VSVldlaDFXUnpGRVdFZGpVVnBXVGpWbVVqcG1ld1ZXYmFSRGV1ZDJhRkZWZHhBM2RISlZjcmdFYzRsRk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?cEpXTWpSVVdpNTJaeXNHYjVVVmVNeG1TeXcwWm9sRGRucGtUMFIzTnJOR1N5Rm5jeklHYnlFRFV3Sm5NeWxVU0dKbmFKTjFNalJUY2tkV1Z6TmxhMlJtWnRabFVSOVdVWVJWV0RCbGNvbGtWdWRtVTVGWE9SRlhUWXQyVklKV1V2MFVjdlEyWnJwR2E0eDBTTE56WnhzMllxcFZhWWgyY0tsbk1CSjNNdmR6ZHlOblR5bDJOdU4wUzFvV2RJaG1kalZsYTV4VU8xVkhhVGxXYkxKWGNKUmxkT1YwVDZwMVV1bEZUM2huY1h4bVoxMTBUWU4wWk1obmN3cDNMenBrTWtwa1kxeDJkMk1EVTFRRWVXcG1jemxXT3BwV1VvSjFZNDVXYTJBek5DWjBieHRDUjZSMU5uOW1iemxrVXdaSE1vUkRST2xsZHlrMlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qw5saV7.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?dUpXTWpSVVdpMTJaeXNHYjVVVmJNeG1TeXcwWnBsRGRucGtUMDkyTnJOR1N5Rm5heklHYnlFRFU1Sm5NeWxVU0dkbWFKTjFNalJEZGtkV1Z6TmxhMVJtWnRabFVSdFdVWVJWV0RCMWJvbGtWdWRtVXlGWE9SRlhUWWQzVklKV1V2MEVjdlEyWnJwR2E2eDBTTE56WnhRM1lxcFZhWWhHYUtsbk1CSjNNeWR6ZHlOblR5cDJOdU4wUzFvV2VJaG1kalZsYTR4VU8xVkhhVGRYYkxKWGNKUkZiT1YwVDZwMVV0bEZUM2huY1hobVoxMTBUWU5VY01obmN3cDNMcXBrTWtwa1kxZDNkMk1EVTFRMGNXcG1jemxXT3pwV1VvSjFZNGhYYTJBek5DWlVheHRDUjZSMU42OW1iemxrVXdKSE1vUkRST2wxYXlrMlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xm
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Kadak
http://?dXQwTVZ4MFl5WjNkdHhHT3Q1a2MyWVdiMmNIVzQxbVNSaFhUYVZYZXNaR1YzUnpaMUprU09abmF0dHlMWTFHZG0xV2VDVlhTMkFEYURSRmN0bGphbkZIZTBZMlV4QkhSNGdsVkIxMGFyOVNZMGgwUXNKa1ZDZGxNTkpYWUZGVFFaaHpaRnAyVkt0eVk1cEZSWDVFVU0xMk1xVldhbmxHYUt0bVF0SjFSMlIwZE1wRk1scFhSUXRTWU1aR2NWNTBjMGxuTjQ5MlFxZG1jaWwyYTRZMk14VVhhTFowVE1GRE41eGtTTUZEV3cxbVQwcG5SdmNHYXk4eVIxWmpSM2x6UUdwbGFobFhkakIxZDBOR2V6RlhTNFpVZTBwblRzZGpTcUpuZXhVa1NYQkhiSlJYWXZCRk9veDJUMUZGTmk5Mk5CVmticjQwY210MFZMVmpXeTVXZG1KRk41VTNLSzFFTXBwa2Q1bzFjTmxWVndSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://batv.gloss.agency/site/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/balogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Brit Asia TV
http://?ek5YT3lnbWV0SjNjMlVtVGFoRmV2QkZkNVpuZXRWV1RMbFdVNkJITzNKelFyQnpidEptUUVKalk1WkhNRUprWXZkV1kzdDJWeklFYTVKV016aGpaemhuVDVaMVY2cDNWclZVVk9KemRscFVVNXdtZTJGVmM2aGplcVpYTkxORlJXaGtkMFJVT3ZnVU93VlhhaGQyWnZrR2QycFdUb1pHZUtWbFYzSjJZc2xVWWpCbE0wSlhkclVXYU1OV2FFQlZVTGxsWXo1RVdFMTBadFJuY0xObFc0VTBjdGhGWkRaM052ZEhWRk5YYVFsWGROQmpTVVpHYUR0R1d3aEdVMUZHZHJaSFNPbDJSdUowUnJBSGJtOXlkS3BWWTI5a00yOTJiVWgzUlZsMlJVQnpaSHRTZHh0R1ZudEdiM1lYV1ZWSFNUZDFWeGMwY01aelZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Cine Voice
http://?djlDVUNKVGNvNUdTWmhtYUc5MmI0NFVaU1oxTHBSRVd3azNjWEJIUjNvSGRIMUVjb1ZUTklGa1pwbDBjWFZVUXdWM1lRbGtXanhFYng5MlJ4dFVSdGRrV3Q1MGJTRlhkRkJqVktORWFxOUNSVkoyWjE1bVRRWlVZcWQzVExKVE9CcFdkdlpXYkRsa1J5UmpheXRHZFhwMllPOW1hdFpuYjBBSGUySUZXeHBXVTRZVVM1VTNLcmxWYVhWSGJUUjJRQk5sU29OV2VyOVdkSjVXUkJaRGJUcG1iNHRHZHZzMGQ0QkRNM01WUWFoM1NXVldUT1JuZTNGa1pwSlRTM0ZIU0VaWGFIMUdPNHNpUTBjRWRVcGtiR2xXV3JKVWV2Z25lUFozWTFBbmFFTjJaQlZIZFpOVFpzSldUczEyYnpkR2N4TWtRTkpXZXdaM2RocDFRM2hrTjJZWE1CZG5TNTBtUjNRR2I0SWxUS2RXY3V0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?MjlDVUNKVGNveEdTWmhtYUc5MmE0NFVaU1oxTDZSRVd3UXpjVGRtVHdKMlJuSm1kRDkwY1lGMWR6VkdicndVVDI5Mk1QdGtiTlptYkwxa2FYOVVZNWxETWpoRFZNbG1idGxtVVVObWFXUjFiTU4yVXFOa1N2WTBRbzFtVW50bWMwUkZkSGhWZFg1RWV5VkRTeWNrVXRwMlNyY1RScFJEZVNobU1HSkVTdVozYnBkR2EyeG1RM3NFTzBSRmV6a0dNNHNVZTN4VVNyaFdXMzBHVUpabVpxZDJaS0ZUTkVKVWUyQkZWMDBtZU90MlpFbG1jMGhsZERaMGJFbEZadkpsTVM1MFVUNW1TNE1VYndwVWNUTkZNb05rVXE5aWROWm1OUjVXUTFjWFFRZDNjdU5uVVpKeks1aFdaVGxIU0tGM1ZseGtSTmxqZEhkelFHRm5ZcHBFTnhBSGJVZEdjTWRVYkROV2E2TldSVFoxYTZWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil SE
http://?PWdYWXpBMWRMaGxjTHBtUXExMFo0WjJVMThtTXZSbmF5RkRkeEZHYXM5aVUxZEhUNEIxVTFWbmV5azNWellWVGpCMWFNZDJVQzkyS3lKV09DOWlOSFJuTXprMmRYdEVjRGRUWkVoalowcFdZeFFEU1VWM2FMQkRlbGhGYUtkRWRINTJLdWhWUU1KV2VTcG1keGMxYTVWRWJPVm5TblZWVzZoVk41TmpTSnBXY1paVE1tUjFjSWxtWk5oMVNzZHphRHhrY0lCSGRwZEdVdEoyWnc4MkxMcEZWc0JqTnFabFUzQjNUeFJIVXpnMGJxWkVSNDBVTTBGVVY0VTNhMUVuVEJaSFJvZFZhek0xTVZkVGQ2WmtUTTlTZEdaM2NuVjJkUGwzYTVkWFVXcDFW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/e24-tv-channel-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", E24
http://?PUVuU3pBbFRERkRldzhtTk1GamI0TmtNMWNYTkdoWGJXaGpNTVpsYjJoR1c0MTJWM1ZETTFRMlJCRkhNUHRVY3dRRWEzMVVaWGxUVjRSa1VJUmplbVJYUkhkMVNsTkRhd3R5VUtSemFwTmxZUmQxWlI1Mlp3a1RibHhXYnlaamNsTmxOclJqV3dBVFpvZG1XMk1UWjRzR2N6bFZOQlZFY3BoVmVsSm5Vd2tYUXZSWGRWNVdkNGRYYnNaalV0QkZiVjl5ZEZaM2J5RVRPU05FZXlkelZUQmxjM3BrVTNoa1lSRm5RczlVV1ZWRWRQQmxNVTkySzFSMWJYeEdNeWgyVG1oMFM0TkRlRTUwZEZGemFvZDJNdFpqWXFwWFpFWkZad1IyYjNVRlZKVjNh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Express
http://?NDlHVjRNV1JRUkhUR0ZtTUhkMWN5QjNkMklIZHRwSGFMWjFTMXBuYlo5Q2VhcEZhS3BVZFpoMFRubDNUMHRTZXlwbU1IUlVVb0JqYlNwblVXOXlWNDFVY2xaM1R6aFhRMlYwTXdCemM1QTNkcXBVT3VaRVRKUmxkeWcyUVNoelR2Z2thcE4yZEtoMWN5dFdPVTUwZElWblRFbDJUSEIxWjFkbFk1UmxUMEprWnJGMWJTZG5idnRDYU5Ka2NRVlZkV1JUYzNOVVd6WVRVdllYTlNwbmNuQlRhM1pUVzFVME1yQjFWeFVHVzI4R1pIRkRjdU5qZURSVU0yNEVkbmxIU1FaSE13TlhUcmxsZElSbmRYRlZSTkZYWXpCamU0SkVhenRtV25SR1ZSTmtibWRVWm9WelN3MUViTXhXWndnSGJyY1hjME56YTBWR1J3ZEZPMFJGYjNVVmRpTlhWTWwyTHBoWGUycEhPbk5qYnoxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Music Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?MlJFTjRjemJCNW1WNDkyVDZWR2N6VVVaMWdEYjRkVmNocFVOSE5IVDNVbWVyQXpidWRFU3dCM00yWjFkMHdFTzFKSFQyQUZlMDhHZGpSMU5TZDFWMjlFVmtSMGFEbFhiVk5sUlFObmVzTkhTdklWTjRWR2V1RnphMGxHVXBCM1RYUlZlMXNTZU5SbFZ2Qm5XcEoxVFBkMlprRjBOTFJEZW9KV1l2ODBLd0JqVXZjRE5aOVdUbnBIZWtKSGJDWkhOSlJXTW9CVGRoOUdlMHhHTm81RVdCNUVjeTUwVktsR2F1UjFTNEZuYm05Mk12bDBVMlJWYjQ5RVoyMGtNcFpqVHN0eWEwZ1hhYWxIU2pkMmNCeEVWTUYwTDBkV1Qxa1VZUVJuYnkwMFl2Y2tidDEyVXdGSFp2eFVSbGwxU3FWM0t3WURlSVZIZTQ1VU5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/k9kHJv9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Gabruu TV
http://?PTRHWmxkRGJJZGphNjFtYmxSek41VmxiQ3BIYUJoM0wwSTNaeEZUZWlOVU15a25VdXRVWlJsRmFvRkhVc0pWVzAxV2JSaFRldjhrUTRsRk1MUmtUS1YzU0taVGUySm1lbEZ6VXZRSGQ0aEVOeEpWUVpCM0xGdHljeEpXZXFoM2N4WTFZcHBHZWtaemNOaDJjcmhrZTZ4MGRITlVleFZFVW5abFU2bDFVcFJYT2pWRFZzRkZiVGQzVE1kemF4aFZTMXNDYVZkR01WWjBRekJ6YjVjMUx4cFdNdlJsUUNwR1UzZDNVWWRXTVRaMWJSUlVUdmdUU3BWa05zbFhOT05YUUxkWFNvSlhiUEJIUm10V1UyWjNZVUZWZTBnM04zSm5ScTVHZFRaR1J1Wm5a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1VlArCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", GEM Arabia
http://?NjEwWkh4MFQzODJNd2hETTFNMGFNWkhTMVJXWXZaME00NEVTbUJYVVJOVVFYQkRiMWdYVFlGR051WkVWUDUwUjVrM1pKTjBNdHgyYTY1R2NNTmpRcE5tTnRsemR5b25VSkZUYll4RWJzRnpLdkJuZXdWVVF1VjJiekJYZU5CRlJySldhNXBtYXZNak0yNVVOeUIxZHZWSE9rNVdVdjRHYm45aVJUZDBicUZWUW5wRU14WW5SRDFHUnVWMlpEeG1UU2xrYXJGRFVCcDFVR1ZIVTFsVVpWbFhjemtsV0NwRVRveDJaWFJrZUpWSGVVNVdkVWQyYlhwRVd5UW5VMk4zYkY5Mll4MUdhdVIwZHdwRmFGOVNXWDFFVnVGMlZ4OGtNTFIzTnZRMU5FcDJacUZtVHpsbGI1TjNaUloyTXlKbmJ5VVVjSzFHZUhoVmNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.jhanjartvindia.com/images/Jhanjar_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar HD
http://?PWNXTzBvVk9HWlVlQ1JEWnlVblM0OTBUc3hXV0JsMlVqOVVUcGhWZXZNMkx4bGtjc1oxYzBZWE1QRlhZbVJuWU5sa2MxUjFZanR5Y3dSbWM0dHlUbzlXVnlJMVRJdGtkMUIzZFZWVlR6aDNkWkJuV1lwV2RCaFZhU0ZIZWhKRVN1eGtlclJWT1Fkekw1b25ZR0ZuZE9oa2V2VXpSTmxUT3B0bVo1WjFRdDVHZFNGamRzOVVld01UT09sVVl3TkRlTnBrZUNsR1M0RkZkRmhYZTNza1laeDBTdmxYVmtKelozMW1UelJWWW5Ga2QyNG1UNGgxUzVGM2J6UUZWSEZYVHNoV2N6b21kd3BGUjUwRVJzbHpWeE1GVEZabk1MUmxURU5qYkxaa1lVcDFS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gIYOu4i.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar Music
http://?NWxETmFsalJHOW1RMFFtTTFwVWJQOUVic2xWUXROMVlQMVVhWXAzTGo5U2NKSlhhV05ITjJGelRuRm1aMEpXVEpOWGRZOXljTDlrYnk4V1VFaFdXdmwxS3lZalM0WW5ZSHgwUWlaVGN6MFdieVJGVnI1VU1VcDJSeXRHUzNoVmVxVkdlVUJWTnU1VWJ2WkVORWhXYVdWM2ROMVdObE5XZUpOR2RYbG5Rd0prWUZSVE9RQjNkdkExS2g1R2U2aHpSM01UVjFkMVk2TkhONWtHY1BGRlpueFVhb2wzVVBabk16QkhTMk1VTlRSbld1WmpSTFZWYnBKelV3bzNWdGhXZFhkSFROSkhVNE16UnMxa2UyTXpSV0JqZXNCVFlXWlhSeHBYTm1SVlJhbGthWkZYVzBNVmJwTldiemtEV3FCbmQwZGpOTGRUYXZFVldSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mastiii
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XVlRPMWxXV0ZoMGIxb0hhaHBXUTRsbVl4WjJhTDlrUXlRM2JoMTBVM01HY1JaMlIwTW1VdGRtYzR0bWVHVlhTd1EwYzIxVWJMMUdhWWQxY3psaldZOUNSNGtuTXZjR1Q1TkVjMzVHVHo4VU56Rm1NS1oyVUt0MkxxVlVOenRVYjBrVlUyTVhkc0JsTms1V1czeDJUdjFFU3p4bWFIeG1XNGNtZDZKbk5xMW1NRjUyVW1OVlZUTjNjNWhUU01SMVZuWlRTd2ttVTZsSE5VQlhNdloyY1VkVlN2Y2pXcHR5VHZCM2MzSjNjMlIyVDNOM2R0UkhXeEoxU29SMllVSjBSNlpIY3ZObGVEOVNjS2xVV1pkbGN5cFdPWE5UYXI0bWFtbGpXb0JuZDVVV2JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/M/music-box-russia-logo-6A5FA79FB5-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Box Russia
http://?PTBtU3pBbFRERlRidzhtTk1GamJwTmtNMWNYTkdwV2JXaGpNTVoxYzJoR1c0MTJWelZETTFRMlJCdEdNUHRVY3dRRWE2TnpOckluTjVKVmRySlRjMmNXYVY1MExaTmplMEpsZXZGRVQwbGpVaEZEZVNCbmNLSkVVMHR5YnhvMmI1OFNjclIxY1JGRE1hUlhPU1JGT3hvVmV3UVVPeVZUVHdkMFE1bDFkUmhHVDJ0V09aTlZha2hVWVI5Q1V5SmxXUWRVUjJvV2FuRlZicDFVYURWelVsZFhSMmwwZGlCVlJJMTJMbWhtYVhOSGMzc1ViajFtTW9SM1Z4QWpVajVXVFdkMWEwa2tiR3BFVFpGRFZ4VkRSWTEyTm1wV2I0RVVWb0YxYmpOSFVZWmti
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?dVJFTjRjemJCRm5WNDkyVDZWbWJ6VVVaMWdEYnpkVmNocFVOSGRHVDNVbWVyQVRldWRFU3dCM01yWjFkMHdFTzFoR1QyQUZlMDhtZWpSMU5TZDFWMjlFVmtSMGFEZFhiVk5sUnhWemROZFVaRWRIVXE5R1dsSkhkaGxuWXo4Q2IxNFdjd1V6WlFoM2F6Wm5Td0VWVHBSSFQxUVZTSzlrYUQ5VVJOVm1ONVJXVnVSMFZ5aDNiMm9IUnlNRmJ3bHpOeXNTU3haR1ZtdDBiWjlXVURsVVY2NTJhR04xVXdGWFVwQkZSNEpqVXBWbmMwWmxNdmdUYW5WMGRDWmpZckpqUTFnemRzZFhUMlZFTVB0aWF4NGthS2xVUnU5MGE2QlhSSDVtYllsV09zbEViMlptUVhoVGVxTlZXSUJqVjI0R1pwUkZld0VWY3JJV1VSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DJhTTmR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?NEpXTWpSVVdpUjNaeXNHYjVVMWRNeG1TeXcwWjZsRGRucGtUMFYzTnJOR1N5RlhjeklHYnlFRFU1Sm5NeWxVU0dobmE1SkZhU0pXY3Jjak5GUjFMM1JIV0VkRlZ4QlhRRVYwVWpsRWJYaERTVk5rZDBOMmJpNWtZSGhtV3ZFVGIySXpaTFpUZEdGR1N0RlRkWmhUU1VkSFpxRjNkSVpsZVpwV1k2NTJUd1pVYllsR1ZDaDNaSGxITWtGMWRyMW1WdDFFUnNaVlR6cGtReDRtYXhFV2VxVm5hRE5tV0doR1J4Tm1ha1JuUUs1V1kzcFdkTUJ6YUdoVVFyRmtZcWQxTVJ0aVZEaG5VU1ZFVHVGRmE1WVVkR0ZETTVka05PVjBjUGhtV3dJSGNySVhkMnhtZDJOWFc1SjBMd0ZYZTRkV1NhZFVlaEZsYXlvM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0gsamt5l40x1qgo/Music%20Top.png?raw=1" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?c1pIU0RSM013MDJUekpVVXlWMmR6RWpVelIzZHNka1E1UUZkRXAzVWxoemJDaEVkeEVGV3JvMGR5ZEdScmRFUzI0MlRTQmpZWXRrYXJGMFZJOWtSdWxUVG9SRVUzUUhWcmxqZDQ4Q2UyUm5RMFlGTXg1V1RhUmxZelpIZHFGRGJVSm1ibTFVVlhwa012SlRWbFoxYW5abmNqUlRPNUpYYUtoRWIyRm1jb1pEVkoxMk0wcEhTNDBXTlVWV2JqNUVaejFtTnBsbFcyWVhZMDBtYnpaektrMWtkd1ZFTTQ5bVE1QnpkNThDY0hGWFR3aEdXMjh5ZHhGRVMwTm5id0ZuTWgxa1p5czJSSTFFYjA4RWV3Y1dOMmhsZXpkMUx0SldRck0zYVBaSGJ5VWxjRkZrVnpKek02WnpWVkpGY081V01yRkVUdDVVYVBaa1puMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Musik Live
http://?PWtIU0lkbVEwUkhiTEJqZXZWbWF1SlRld0UwUjZGWE1PQkRWMEl6ZDA1a2FweEVWeUJUZG1KVmF1QkhkSmwwUzRnV2JtZFVhdVZsWnBaemN5OWlkVkJIVjBOR2UyUjNkaGgyUmFwRVJuSkhSd0lsYXBGWFZqcDFOM1ZHZEw5VVZpVkROdHAxU3FabGVwSjNWREpqWUVwbmRLNWtjdUoxYXRwR1Z3eFVVWmRYVnJRalNIcFVkejhrWnpVV1Z6UkRXTFZUWlJkM01UcFVjeUFGZDRrRlZXaFdUcGQzYUN0VVpVOTJMbnBuVHdkMVpyMDJaMGgyVHhaWGJVQjFUNXBYYnI1VWJtSm5ibHBrV2poVU56VlhZYVJVZDVJWGJVcFdXNE5VZFBkbVZySUhN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", One HD Music
http://?eGxETnlKa2VzaG1jWUpWYm1CRmRucDJMWmgzZDBoRGRPOVdiRE5YTUV0MGNqWm5idmdYUUhoVFQxUnpkcjBHZW05V1kxY0RNQjlFY1JKMlRQbDJLdXhtWVgxVWJHQkhNekp6TTFFVmQwTkZaMGxrUXhSbE00SWxOUWgyUzRaSFdwVlhjUFZFZHFkRlNuWjNNV3BFV3hBbllVOVVTcnNFYzJVRGFVVkdldHAyTDVoVk1KQkhVUnhFYmxoamRNRkZhSVJXTTBWRFpMOWthdHhXWldaMExTTm1iNlJUUjRkVFNvbERVdk4yVjFjV1d6MUVVRWhuYWtoVlc2VmpXNlZITjJFRVpqeFdlSFZEVjBCbGFUVm5hdlV6WnVaRlNNaFVXc1ZIYlZwRU5raEdkTE5XUVJsRlp3bGxVTmhrVDA5R2FJNTBadkZuYmpaV1pSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/3xSS9fw9/Pop-Patakha-Hungama.png" group-title="Music Channel", Pop पटाखा
http://?NkYyTVFkM1NZWjNTcUprYU5kV2FtTlZOdkp6YnVwbWN4UVhjaGhIYnZJVmQzeFVjUU5WZDFwbk1uZDFNVzEwWVFaWFNGbFVOR0JIY0haRlpGaG5ieVpFTzJsRk5RbG5hMDVtUVVsMGRVbFdXTmxEV3lOWFlKMVdZNU5YVDU4MFVPeFVkdzAwTlN0VVk2OTBjaWhEYk5GWFlwZFdaQ3BsZElCSE5sTjNNMTltZVBkVlRyb1hkc1pUUVd4R2NYRjFLSmx6YTROMmFaaFdNR3QyU3VaVmNSVjNacXRDVkdOelE1WlRhWEZVTnZoMllQWlRkTHRVZHdnVk5JMTJidXRrUzFFM1ltbG1kNU4xUzFRVGRZeFVTNmhrZXdOVFNWdGtjU1pYVW9KSFVRaG1lMmNtVndZSE56TmxORUYwSzRnV05XQmpZNmRIY1JobFIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Public Music
http://?dHQwTVZ4MFl5aDNkdHhHT3Q1RWEyWVdiMmNIV3kxbVNSZG5OWE5YZUh0R1J5WkhiNEltUXJFa2F6QlZkeE0yVERoV08zVWtlck5VY2FWalpzbFdUNU5uZXlNV1RPMVdNdzEwZDVOM2RNTnpReElVYXdaWE9XZEZlTWhuWnZ3V2RMbFVhdFoxVjRSMVp1bFZkRVYyWWExbVlYQmxZd1oxZGtwRWFVWnpaeEZtZFpkVE14TTNMeXdHZG5GVmRyTTJLSUZVTXFsbWJQaDBUT2RtWjU5a2JwMWtlQ2huVzVNWGRwWjJOMmxHT1dOblcwY2xTSzVXYktGVWVadHlNMU5XU2xGVU8xUlhaMVoxVVZkVWRRUm5WcWhrVHZwVk1hTkdhUmhXVXhCbFEySkVjQmhtTVZOVVIzSnphSWRsY2FsMmF6WWtVck56YlVWMlpWQkhWeFIzUzNVMUxvcDNaVFZUY3k1MmFsTlRUa2hrWnFSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Contact
http://?dTlVTU1kRVV0TlhaREZqUjJRVGRaTkdjWHQyYXNoRWJraFhhbGwyVXdSMWFLOUViT05GYUg5Q1QwUjJaWmhVVkxsR1ppNVVUdk5WYmhaWE1zbDBLeXhtWndCbmEwSTNTMXRTVTVFbmJQaFVReGRVVnFKRU9yTlhVa1YzUTN0aU1aWldjM2MzVUJ0aVduOVViMTFHUnZkbmN1ZEROcE5XZTRCellCZFhZM1JXZHBwV08xY21TUUpWY3lva2R3NVVSMEZEYjBaV2RYcFhiUkJYZHhoWE1QdGlkdjAyUkhwWE8ybEZNcmhHZHZwSE1TSm5XcFZFZU5OMFN4aGpSMEptYld4R09XWlhNemQzYmFoRmJ5TkRlbk5XY3JKa1lhZDNTVDFtVjNaVllQVjBaRWxtVFdaRmNycFhaRFYzWllsblIwRVhiRUZVYVRkM2NuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ru Tv
http://?PWNtYkRwa2JMRkVhRkJIY1FoVFVxSjFVU1JuYmlaSFRRVnpSUVp6Wk8xMkxZTm5aMmxrYTFRak4zOW1UTXBXYnlGMGJqQmpjNElET3FCblFLcG5UTFYzS3BGSFNHVm1hamRVWXBaSFRwQkhhT0JYWWpGM1ZFaDNSc3hHYkdGR2QzWjNOMWgwTHpwbmNrUlhSTzFrTkdWRGNMcG5OM2x6TG5OR2U1SkhSRGwzWnRWelNXbFdiSTFHWm9SMFExWjJSNHNrVFFCM2JVZHpWM0VHYzQwRWFHNVVldHhFYUc5MkxZeFdiTVpYWVVka2FIRmxVVXhHVXVOWFQzcGtUdFJuWnlNRU9NTkRkS2huVTFRR2M1ZEZXYTFFTnZWM0tZTlZkclZEYmF0MFVYUkZh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", U tv Lives
http://?PWtXTldaVWNwUlZiNEV6U3hValkwSlZSd1ExWlk1R01xSjBkQlJWYWxOV1kzSXpZeEpFY3g4a1kyb1dWMGNEVDJNRmJrOUdjT0oyY3FSalkyWkRNTVYzZHpKa05IcEhkNVpuWVhSV1EyOTBjdlYyTHpJWGFWSjBRc2RUYnpsRFNZeDBhck5WYndRMlp1dG1kSlZYVEhSRGRORjBSeElXT25SbmFPVlZaMXgyZHdkSE1hOW1hNVpVT01kRmM2MW1RRUZ6ZDVGSFZRRkZaUVIxYTUxR2J5aG5Zc2gxVVU1VU11SjNRa1JuYnk1RWVIWm1TQ1pWWTVKbmV1VjBZS2xXTnJKVVFXaFRld0YxWVpObk1uUjBWaGR6UXJoblZtZEdOaDlXY1FKMExxcG1i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH 1
http://?MVZtU3gwR2RDOTJTeFVEVDBOelpNVm5SVUpEZXhwM1pOaDFTNFVuUm5kV2VGRm1jbk5rWXZNa2R4SlRPVkpVVDQwV1N5WmtlMWNHYVNWR1VKZFRVMjlXTlpsRE1VOW1jNjl5TUdsR2RyazFNejlrTnNCamI1STNZeTVtZHZJVlpXZFZlbzlFVjJNbk50aFRWVlZEVW1wV1ppNUVkVFpUYTJrVGFSTjJSNGh6YXNOVllMNUdXMlFVWnhaRGNVQkRTdkpYY25sRFZtSjJMVWgzY1QxR01zbG5lNUFEU1dSVVM2TmxjazVrUmE5V1V1bDNZeElqZWg5eVlJWldibzlXU3JCVk5yYzNZcllEU1pwV2F6ZFRPeFYwWjF0eVRCQlhlanBXWno5U1FPNVdicmxIT1dSbGV0OXliWmxWVnYxV05LQmphVWRGZFlWM2JTQnpRNEJEYlY1bWFOSm5Xd1lrWmFKM2RyOUVVUEoxU3NSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GmgibYW.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Wanasah ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/ZeeETCBollywoodLogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Zee ETC
http://?PU1uU3pBbFRERkRidzhtTk1GamJ2TmtNMWNYTkdsWGJXaGpNTVpGZDJoR1c0MTJWclZETTFRMlJCbEdNUHRVY3dRVWQ1RjNReUVWVDRGa1dYUlVWT0ZIYTNwRVpRSldjTk5HUnJGMmRzWjBjUEYzWW05Mk5GaFRRNFFYY25oRVJTNUVPeTlTUlVSbWFyMW1kMTVHZXRWbWQxa2tOU05VYnpCSGJKOVVSRjFXUmlGV1dyNFdlSnhHZEpWMFF5aGpka1pYWjFVM1F2ZzFNd1pEYnZkV1JJZFdVMEpXYzJZemI2Tm5ldlpsTTRwa2RtTm5hcVZEUjZ4RU1GMVdWQ2RYTzVJbmFLNTBhUGQyVENGM1ludDJjSXAwYTRjSFcxZFRNWFJ6WkRSMEs2cEdl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Zing
http://?cFJFZVo5Q2J5SUhVNWhFU1NoSGVpZGpZNE16WXFoMmRCdFdSMFUzZEZaVFV0RkdhcmcwYXJCbGE1MWtWb2hWUjBrV08zY0ZkbEYyWk9sVlJHbFVhb0pHY0xCVFpDSm5lRFZIVndjVWNMVlZNdHBXTXpCemFsUkVPMWtHYlROMmJVWm1jTEZIV3dVM1oxaG5ZQlprZHFsWGNPaEVWaUZFZVVCelFTTjNWb1IyWnhFRldXdFdaWUJYWjNVRGJDVmtlcUIzYTFCRFc1Z0ZVRWRYYXB0VWFLaEVlM2czTVRoblJ1WkdSNVFIYVVKSE1xOVVWU3BXYTJkM1NUVmxiMFIyUlJoVmVPdDJRMkVETXpJMGNURmtleVFUUjVwR01RUjJaaTFHZXNkR01oeEVjdnRHVFdCblF1MVViNngyWTFnSFNJMUdPNVUxWkRaRGUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyMW1lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XVlRPMXhXV0ZoMGIxb0hiaHBXUTRsbVlxWjJhTDlrUXlnM2JoMTBVM01HZVJaMlIwTW1VNWRtYzR0bWVHbFhTd1EwY25WRmNLbERTaVpVWTFsRk9ZVmpjb3hXZU5SV05QOUVheVl6U0RablJxcFdNNEkzUTZobVRDcFdXRFZUZUloMllMcG1Uc3RFV1JGV1VYTjNhMDRrZG9KR2IwWkZSSjVrTTZsR2R4TjJkcWxYUjBKM1ppQm5kR0JYUlhkbE1zWmtZSUZUWXhsSFVyRkdkS1pFZFdSM1N6b1VSMVpETW1OVWFQcEhhTFIxVVpWMGJ6NG1hMUlFU241V1QyUW5aTEpuWXhGbVdQbGphVFZEYTFsMGJzZEhXdmNXTmxGbk40Z2pOaHhXYlpWamEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/aa/Comedy_Central_2018.svg/3543px-Comedy_Central_2018.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Comedy Central
http://?clJFTjRjemJCdG1WNDkyVDZWbWV6VVVaMWdEYnRkVmNocFVOSGRIVDNVbWVyQWphdWRFU3dCM013WjFkMHdFTzFoR1QyQUZlMDgyZGpSMU5TZDFWdDlFVmtSMGFEUlhiVk5sUlZOMGQzbEZkVnRDV3ZSR2NIZFVUbVozYTVWSFYwNTJhd0VuVnRGRlZxWlRXTXRFV0NWSFdaNVVhNVptZWtsbGJCUkZWekoyTm54a2FROTJWRDUwYjJsbmJNVjNiSzkwUTVOa2R5TWphYVpYWm9CVFlIbDFaTFoxTVZObVNzTmpXUFZVYk45MksxNEdSU2RtYURCbGFRVmtVeHQyVnpsV1JsUm5USkIxTkNGSGF2ZEdPNlpsVjRWektqTnpkUE5YVjVGamUyVm1lMXhVVUZkbmQzWlVZdTkyYXlFbmFrcFdZdXRDYnVSVk9SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.sat.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/DubaiOneTV.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Dubai One
http://?MVJFTjRjemJCeG1WNDkyVDZWbWR6VVVaMWdEYjBkVmNocFVOSFJIVDNVbWVyQURhdWRFU3dCM01zWjFkMHdFTzFOSFQyQUZlMDhHYWpSMU5TZDFWczlFVmtSMGFEVlhiVk5sUkJOVmNSbG1ZNGRtVDBwbmFFeFdNSjVHU2lkWFUyTkZieUVUY0M1V1d5aFhiMlptY0hGSGJ1NUVkRE4wYXc0RWRCOW1jeGRYV3ZvR2JSbG5aMXcyVllWemQ0c1VNMElETjRSbVlITmpidmhtWUJwRVJ2RXpkVWhuTjR4V1N4UjBTVWhsYzM4V09oMW1NYWxXYmgxV09ZQkRiNXhVZHNGbWNYUm5RMlFYU0V4bWV2Qm5hYVZtU3laRGFxaFdkTnRtVktkWE5MTkdheVUwTjNNVU5uZFZONFptZTRZWGNCVlhNTXgwYmhkRlRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/9-99565_fox-tv-logo-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox
http://?MFJFTjRjemJCSm5WNDkyVDZWMmF6VVVaMWdEYjVkVmNocFVOSHBIVDNVbWVyQWpkdWRFU3dCM013WjFkMHdFTzFSSFQyQUZlMDhHYWpSMU5TZDFWNjlFVmtSMGFEcFhiVk5sUlJkbWR2RTJNbGhuWnQ1bWIwTURTd2duWUdkV2J4VW1jTkYzTHJ0a1QxVldXM0lFT0tobmN4aEdjcHBrY05sMVVZWkdXb2gwS3pSR09YbFdZM0ptUnZZMVpZSkVkNVpUYTVSa1NzdDJSQ3BIT2tKbGNGaEhiclZEY0JoRWJ5RjFhWGhHTkhSWGMyOWtXSXBuZGxGWFMzTmpaMUIxUVRaRk1QUm5iR1IyY3BWSGF6VWtVUWRYVXdKWFpTTlZOeThXTTFjMFpCMTBacUZqZXZnRWM0QkhUb0ZYT0habll3SlRPbjlXYXZJM05SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/FX_International_logo.svg/1280px-FX_International_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", FX
http://?dlJFTjRjemJCUm5WNDkyVDZWbWV6VVVaMWdEYnVkVmNocFVOSHBIVDNVbWVyQURhdWRFU3dCM00wWjFkMHdFTzFkR1QyQUZlMDgyWmpSMU5TZDFWMTlFVmtSMGFEbFhiVk5sUlpOMVpuVjBOMllEWjVSbldIdEdjMEIzY2lKbFlKWlViRXAyTXowMFVyaFdjcWwwTldGWFdPcEhURUZIY2FKRWUzWnpUcWRFVzZWMllKdEdUVDlHTTRsbmVETlhTMkptZXJsbk1GQjFNbkpIYnprMFJoWmxjakprUzE1MlQ1SnpLNEYyVXdwbU5FTjNZVk5uZXlNWFFNQjFidUpFVEJSVmJZMTJWVWxsVnNSRGRMOTBWckZFVDU1VU5HRlRlM3BYZVRkVWJEMTBjRGRUWk1OV1J6bHpMcGhsVVM1bVVoZDJkWFIxYU5CRk1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/136-1363813_paramount-comedy-logo-comedy-central-hd-png-download.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Paramount Comedy
http://?elJFTjRjemJCaG5WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYjJkVmNocFVOSGxIVDNVbWVyQWphdWRFU3dCM01yWjFkMHdFTzFsR1QyQUZlMDhHYWpSMU5TZDFWMDlFVmtSMGFEMVdiVk5sUmxaSGMxRmtSemdVZDNaV2FOWmxieUZuUVBoblJudG1iTWRXWXVsWGN3VlZXaE5tUXpCbmFQWjBWTU5qZFhKa2FIaEVNcWRXVU9wWE1NcDNMTXRrVlpkWGNHWm1NUUpqUnNGRmVFMW1UaEZYVnJsSGJ3b0VjcXBWWTJjbGN6RmpidmtUTjNGSFUwSW5hNEJuY0RkMFJEOUdacGxIUktSa1lScG5SVWxIV25aMFpuVkdOM2RUVHY5MlZ5SjFTTmxtYzJkRGJKSjJjbjFFUnIxV04weEVNcE5rZG1WWFVvVm1jeGgzYzZoMlZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/90/STAR_World.svg/1200px-STAR_World.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Star World
http://?dFJFTjRjemJCWm5WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYjFkVmNocFVOSHBIVDNVbWVyQVRkdWRFU3dCM00zWjFkMHdFTzFOSFQyQUZlMDhtYmpSMU5TZDFWdzlFVmtSMGFESlhiVk5sUnFGWGV6OVdNamxWUTBKaldQZERTUk4zWUZaRFU2VlVhTFJGVkhGMWJ2TjNkM2huVElwbmE0d0VVMUUxYUpaSFRZOWtRd05FTU94V2FTbFhheGttVDFnVGN5WmtVaFIxTDBSRGFuWm5VcXAyVHd3bVlCSnpjdk4yY0loSFUwRlZkRlIzVldoblRuRjFaT0pFYnJVelM0Z1RjNVZqTUJWak5FaEdaNWdUUkZsamRKdFdVWlYwUXNOMFlHaDNUbmxIYTNNVVlScFhlNGhFVVBCamNwaEVhUE5tUzBrM016QlZkd04xYlk5R2VuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Syfylogo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", SyFy
http://?NVJFTjRjemJCOW1WNDkyVDZWV2V6VVVaMWdEYjRkVmNocFVOSFJIVDNVbWVyQXpidWRFU3dCM015WjFkMHdFTzFWSFQyQUZlMDgyY2pSMU5TZDFWMTlFVmtSMGFETlhiVk5sUkJOM2FudEVWc2xuUzBCRE80Z1dOSTFtU3dWbVdTUkVjckpsY0x4MGNxWkRPM1l6YzFwSE5ISlZVVmxuZTFkemF5OTJNeWhGU3pNbGVxTlhTbHAzUzRObmVMRlRNMVpuVnZSRVpXbFVVSWhXT09sMVR3ZzJjeTRtZTJJMktyWnphVlJGVW1OWFU2QlRRYVJWY0xkVVFYTkdhd1pYWXlWVWNVUlhVb05qVXdGR2RhRkhVWFZXWW9sbU5YTjJjd2xYUnpGblJIUnpkRE5XTTJ4V1NxTkdSWFpFYmhCM1lxcDNhMUowY0t4VVlSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/Warner_Bros_logo.svg/982px-Warner_Bros_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Warner
http://?clJFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWV2R6VVVaMWdEYnJkVmNocFVOSHRHVDNVbWVyQVRjdWRFU3dCM01zWjFkMHdFTzFkR1QyQUZlMDhtZWpSMU5TZDFWMTlFVmtSMGFEaFdiVk5sUnBabWNsQjFhTmhsWTBOalkyY3pkcDUyYk1wRlV0NUVkQmhGZWpSRmF3VmpNQ1YwVjYxMllaUm5WTEZEZEY5a2FEOVVlelJXTXhKSE9DcFdZUU5FTzBZMGI1WUZjSUZVVTZKSFdNTkhaRmRtTTRGR09RbHpaNFJsTUJKMlUxbDBNNFVXVHJjblN4aFVXQ0JsZUJ4VVp2UmxkdlZsZEt0aU5zUjNabzl5YzVFbGQzZFdZcFZuTTRKelVvaFRUbUpYZUJsemE0QUhjT2gyU01abU1vaFVOcFprTnhNM1NzRjFhSlpFY3lkR1QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/732-7327906_zee-cafe-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?c1JFTjRjemJCTm5WNDkyVDZWV2F6VVVaMWdEYjZkVmNocFVOSEZIVDNVbWVyQWpldWRFU3dCM016WjFkMHdFTzFGSFQyQUZlMDgyY2pSMU5TZDFWNjlFVmtSMGFESlhiVk5sUnpNRGV1Vm1SdWRIVXhCbGQwRVViNGhHVU1abGJ6UjNiSUpWYmtaRWMxbDNkWDlFZTM1bVZEUkViUmRrY3cwbVd6czJkNGhVVjNZRGUzY1dhTzkyVElKSGFOUjBONUkwZDExbVc2WkVXblozS1VKalRHcG1iSmxUYnY5MGRyQkRONTlpWU54V094RVRiMFpYZHA1RVd5WWtScGRXWnE1bVkyZG5jcVJVWUVKRWR4VkVTSGRsTTBkWFd6eDBjMzBHV2tOR1QzMG1lREJIZTNaM016TnpLdlpHT3E5V1N4WUhNMFlWYnZnbU5CMVRQ
